.. _chapter_A:

Composite Information Object Definitions (Normative)
====================================================

.. _sect_A.1:

Elements of An Information Object Definition
--------------------------------------------

Each Composite Information Object Definition is composed of the
following Sections

a. IOD Description

b. IOD Entity-Relationship Model

c. IOD Module Table

d. Optionally, a Functional Group Macros Table used by the `Multi-frame
   Functional Groups Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__

`IOD Description <#sect_A.1.1>`__, `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__ and `IOD Module Table and Functional Group Macro
Table <#sect_A.1.3>`__ define the requirements of a) through d) above.

.. _sect_A.1.1:

IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section provides a brief description of the IOD. Specifically, this
description includes:

-  The Real-World Object that is represented by the IOD

-  Information as to the scope of the represented object if appropriate

.. _sect_A.1.2:

IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section of an IOD provides the Entity-Relationship (E-R) Model that
depicts the relationships of the components or Information Entities (IE)
of the specified IOD. It forms an IOD specific information model. This
E-R model provides the complete context of how the Composite Instance
information shall be interpreted when a Composite Instance is exchanged
between two DICOM Application Entities; in particular, an IOD will
specify a single IE at the level below the Series IE.

Even though Composite Instances are encoded as discrete individual
components, each Composite Instance IOD E-R Model requires that all
Composite Instances that are part of a specific Study shall share the
same context. That is, all Composite Instances within a specific Patient
Study share the same Patient and Study information; all Composite
Instances within the same Series share the same Series information; etc.

`figure_title <#figure_A.1-1>`__ is the DICOM Composite Instance IOD
Information Model. It applies to all Patient-related Composite Instance
IODs defined in `Composite Information Object Definitions
(Normative) <#chapter_A>`__. However, a subset of this model may be
specified by each individual Composite Instance IOD to accurately define
the context for specific Composite Instance exchange.

The sub-sections of this Section describe the Information Entities (IE)
that comprise the Composite Instance IODs defined in this Annex.

.. _sect_A.1.2.1:

Patient IE
^^^^^^^^^^

The Patient IE defines the characteristics of a Patient who is the
subject of one or more medical Studies.

.. note::

   A Patient may be a human or an animal.

The Patient IE is modality independent.

.. _sect_A.1.2.2:

Study IE
^^^^^^^^

The Study IE defines the characteristics of a medical Study performed on
a Patient. A Study is a collection of one or more Series of medical
images, presentation states, and/or SR documents that are logically
related for the purpose of diagnosing a Patient. Each Study is
associated with exactly one Patient.

A Study may include Composite Instances that are created by a single
modality, multiple modalities or by multiple devices of the same
modality.

The Study IE is modality independent.

.. _sect_A.1.2.3:

Series IE
^^^^^^^^^

The Series IE defines the Attributes that are used to group Composite
Instances into distinct logical sets. Each Series is associated with
exactly one Study.

The following criteria group Composite Instances into a specific Series:

a. All Composite Instances within a Series must be of the same modality

b. Each Series may be associated with exactly one Frame of Reference IE,
   and if so associated all Composite Instances within the Series shall
   be spatially or temporally related to each other

c. All Composite Instances within the Series shall be created by the
   same equipment; therefore, each Series is associated with exactly one
   Equipment IE

d. All Composite Instances within a Series shall have the same Series
   information

Presentation States shall be grouped into Series without Images (i.e.,
in a different Series from the Series containing the Images to which
they refer).

.. note::

   The Series containing Grayscale, Color and Pseudo-Color Softcopy
   Presentation States and the Series containing the Images to which
   they refer are both contained within the same Study, except for
   Blended Presentation States, which may refer to images from different
   Studies.

Waveforms shall be grouped into Series without Images. A Frame of
Reference IE may apply to both Waveform Series and Image Series.

SR Documents shall be grouped into Series without Images. The Frame of
Reference IE may apply to SR Document Series, for SR Documents that
contain 3D spatial coordinates relative to one or more spatial Frames of
Reference, or temporal coordinates that require a temporal Frame of
Reference.

.. _sect_A.1.2.4:

Equipment IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Equipment IE describes the particular device that produced the
Series of Composite Instances. A device may produce one or more Series
within a Study. The Equipment IE does not describe the data acquisition
or image creation Attributes used to generate the Composite Instances
within a Series. These Attributes are described in the Composite
Instance specific IEs (e.g., the Image IE).

.. _sect_A.1.2.5:

Frame of Reference IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Frame of Reference IE identifies the coordinate system that conveys
spatial and/or temporal information of Composite Instances in a Series.

When present, a Frame of Reference IE may be related to one or more
Series. In this case, it provides the ability to spatially or temporally
relate multiple Series to each other. In such cases, the Series may
share the UID of the Frame of Reference, or alternatively, a
Registration SOP Instance may specify the spatial relationship
explicitly, as a spatial transformation. A Frame of Reference IE may
also spatially register a Frame of Reference to an atlas.

.. _sect_A.1.2.6:

Image IE
^^^^^^^^

The Image IE defines the Attributes that describe the pixel data of an
image. The pixel data may be generated as a direct result of Patient
scanning (termed an Original Image) or the pixel data may be derived
from the pixel data of one or more other images (termed a Derived
Image). An image is defined by its image plane, pixel data
characteristics, gray scale and/or color mapping characteristics and
modality specific characteristics (acquisition parameters and image
creation information).

An image is related to a single Series within a single Study.

The pixel data within an Image IE may be represented as a single frame
of pixels or as multiple frames of pixel data. The frames of a
Multi-frame image (a cine run or the slices of a volume) are
sequentially ordered and share a number of common properties. A few
Attributes may vary between frames (e.g., Time, Angular Displacement,
Slice Increment). All common Image IE Attributes refer to the first
frame of a multiple frame image.

Overlay, Modality and Value of Interest Lookup Table and Real World
Value Mapping data may be included within an Image IE only if this
information is directly associated with the image.

.. _sect_A.1.2.6.1:

Overlay Data
''''''''''''

Overlay data represents graphics or text in a bit-map format, and is
used to indicate such items as region of interest, reference marks and
annotations.

.. _sect_A.1.2.6.2:

Modality LUT Data
'''''''''''''''''

Modality LUT data describes the transformation of manufacturer dependent
pixel values into pixel values that are manufacturer independent (e.g.,
Hounsfield units for CT, Optical Density for film digitizers, etc.). The
transformation may be linear, described by Rescale Slope and Rescale
Intercept, or non-linear, described by a Lookup Table (LUT).

.. _sect_A.1.2.6.3:

Value of Interest LUT Data
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Value of Interest (VOI) LUT data describes the transformation of the
modality pixel values into pixel values that are meaningful for print,
display, etc. This transformation is applied after any Modality LUT. The
transformation may be linear, described by Window Center and Window
Width, or non-linear, described by a Lookup Table. A non-linear
interpretation of Window Center and Window Width may be defined by VOI
LUT Function.

.. _sect_A.1.2.6.4:

Real World Value Mapping Data
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Real World Value Mapping data describes the transformation of the
image pixel values into real world values in defined units. There may be
multiple transformations, each scoped by a range of input pixel values.
Each transformation may be linear, described by Slope and Intercept, or
non-linear, described by a Lookup Table.

.. _sect_A.1.2.7:

Overlay IE
^^^^^^^^^^

Retired. See PS3.3-2016a.

.. note::

   Overlays were previously modeled as independent Information Entities;
   in the current model they are considered Attributes within the Image
   IE or Presentation State IE. See `Overlay Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.1>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.2.8:

Curve IE
^^^^^^^^

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.2.9:

Modality LUT IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Retired. See PS3.3-2016a.

.. note::

   Modality LUTs were previously modeled as independent Information
   Entities; in the current model they are considered Attributes within
   the Image IE or Presentation State IE. See `Modality LUT
   Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.2>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.2.10:

VOI LUT IE
^^^^^^^^^^

Retired. See PS3.3-2016a.

.. note::

   VOI LUTs were previously modeled as independent Information Entities;
   in the current model they are considered Attributes within the Image
   IE or Presentation State IE. See `Value of Interest LUT
   Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.3>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.2.11:

Presentation State IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Presentation State IE defines how a referenced image (or images)
will be presented (e.g., displayed) in a device independent grayscale
space (i.e., in P-Values) or color space (i.e., in PCS-values), and what
graphical annotations and spatial and grayscale contrast transformations
will be applied to the referenced image pixel data.

Overlay, Modality LUT, and VOI LUT data (see `Overlay
Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.1>`__, `Modality LUT Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.2>`__, and
`Value of Interest LUT Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.3>`__) may be included within
a Presentation State IE if this information is to be applied to the
referenced image(s).

.. _sect_A.1.2.12:

Waveform IE
^^^^^^^^^^^

The Waveform IE represents a multi-channel time-based digitized
waveform. The waveform consists of measurements of some physical
qualities (e.g., electrical voltage, pressure, gas concentration, or
sound), sampled at constant time intervals. The measured qualities may
originate, for example, in any of the following sources:

a. the anatomy of the Patient,

b. therapeutic equipment (e.g., a cardiac pacing signal or a radio
   frequency ablation signal),

c. equipment for diagnostic synchronization (e.g., a clock or timing
   signal used between distinct devices),

d. the physician's voice (e.g., a dictated report).

The sample data within a Waveform IE may represent one or more acquired
channels. Several signal channels acquired at the same sampling rate can
be multiplexed (by interleaving samples) in a single multiplex group.
(see also .)

.. _sect_A.1.2.13:

SR Document IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The SR Document IE defines the Attributes that describe the content of
an SR Document. These include semantic context as well as Attributes
related to document completion, verification and other characteristics.
An SR Document SOP Instance is related to a single Series within a
single Study.

.. _sect_A.1.2.14:

Spectroscopy IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Spectroscopy IE defines the Attributes that describe the data of a
spectroscopy acquisition created by a magnetic resonance spectroscopy
device.

.. _sect_A.1.2.15:

Raw Data IE
^^^^^^^^^^^

The Raw Data IE defines the Attributes that describe a collection of
data that may be used for further processing to produce image data or
other data.

.. note::

   For example, raw data may be used with CT and MR systems to
   reconstruct sets of images or for MR to reconstruct spectroscopic
   data. The format of the raw data is vendor specific.

.. _sect_A.1.2.16:

Encapsulated Document IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated Document IE defines the Attributes that describe the
content of a non-DICOM formatted document that is encapsulated in a
DICOM Attribute. These include Attributes related to document origin,
title, and other characteristics. An Encapsulated Document SOP Instance
is related to a single Series within a single Study.

.. _sect_A.1.2.17:

Real World Value Mapping IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Real World Value Mapping IE defines the Attributes that describe the
mapping of stored pixel data to Real World values (see `Real World Value
Mapping Data <#sect_A.1.2.6.4>`__).

.. _sect_A.1.2.18:

Surface IE
^^^^^^^^^^

The Surface IE defines the Attributes that describe a surface in a
spatial coordinate system. A surface is defined by its shape and can be
further defined by normals on that shape. The surface may be
reconstructed from either spatial scans (e.g., laser scanners) or based
on images. A surface is described by its finite volume and manifold
property, gray scale and color mapping characteristics, presentation
type, opacity, and modality specific characteristics.

A surface is related to a single Series.

.. _sect_A.1.2.19:

Measurements IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Measurements IE defines the Attributes that describe the
measurements taken by medical instruments.

.. _sect_A.1.2.20:

Tractography Results IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Tractography Results IE defines the Attributes that describe the
results of a tractography application.

.. note::

   The term tractogram is not used because it does not include all types
   of tractography results.

.. _sect_A.1.2.21:

Plan IE
^^^^^^^

The Plan IE defines the parameters and instructions to deliver
treatment, particularly Radiotherapy, to the Patient. The entity
includes the set of machine and positioning parameters to be applied
during treatment delivery and instructions guiding the treatment
workflow.

.. _sect_A.1.2.22:

Content Assessment Result IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Content Assessment Result IE contains the results of an assessment
of the content of a SOP Instance.

An assessment is part of a process within a clinical workflow, conducted
by users or devices, which have the role of assessing the validity and
suitability of the content in question, based on subjective or objective
criteria. The specific nature of such a process is outside of the scope
of this Standard.

.. _sect_A.1.2.23:

Spatial Fiducials IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Spatial Fiducials IE identifies one or more geometric locations or
shapes within a Frame of Reference or image pixel/voxel space that may
be correlated with similar locations or shapes within different frames
of reference or image pixel/voxel spaces.

.. _sect_A.1.2.24:

Dose IE
^^^^^^^

The Dose IE describes dose distributions calculated by radiotherapy
treatment planning systems. These distributions may be represented as 2D
or 3D grids, as isodose curves, or as named or unnamed dose points
scattered throughout a volume.

.. _sect_A.1.2.25:

Structure Set IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Structure Set IE describes Regions of Interest (ROI) within a
referenced 2D (image) or 3D (volumetric) space. These ROIs may be
represented as geometric contours.

.. _sect_A.1.2.26:

Treatment Record IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Treatment Record IE describes treatments, particularly radiotherapy,
for a Patient.

.. _sect_A.1.2.27:

Stereometric Relationship IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Stereometric Relationship IE defines how referenced images are
related as stereometric pairs.

.. _sect_A.1.2.28:

Procedure Protocol IE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Procedure Protocol IE defines the Attributes that describe a
Protocol. This IE may encode a Defined Procedure Protocol or a Performed
Procedure Protocol.

.. _sect_A.1.3:

IOD Module Table and Functional Group Macro Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section of each IOD defines in a tabular form the Modules
comprising the IOD. The following information must be specified for each
Module in the table:

-  The name of the Module or Functional Group

-  A reference to the Section in `Information Module Definitions
   (Normative) <#chapter_C>`__ that defines the Module or Functional
   Group

-  The usage of the Module or Functional Group; whether it is:

   -  Mandatory (see `Mandatory Modules <#sect_A.1.3.1>`__), abbreviated
      M

   -  Conditional (see `Conditional Modules <#sect_A.1.3.2>`__),
      abbreviated C

   -  User Option (see `User Option Modules <#sect_A.1.3.3>`__),
      abbreviated U

The Modules referenced are defined in `Information Module Definitions
(Normative) <#chapter_C>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.3.1:

Mandatory Modules
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For each IOD, Mandatory Modules shall be supported per the definitions,
semantics and requirements defined in `Information Module Definitions
(Normative) <#chapter_C>`__.

.. _sect_A.1.3.2:

Conditional Modules
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Conditional Modules are Mandatory Modules if specific conditions are
met. If the specified conditions are not met, this Module shall not be
supported; that is, no information defined in that Module shall be
present.

.. _sect_A.1.3.3:

User Option Modules
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

User Option Modules may or may not be supported. If an optional Module
is supported, the Attribute Types specified in the Modules in
`Information Module Definitions (Normative) <#chapter_C>`__ shall be
supported.

.. _sect_A.1.4:

Overview of the Composite IOD Module Content
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Tables in this Section provide an overview of the Modules used
throughout the Composite IODs. This table is for informative purposes
only. It is based on the IOD definitions found in the remaining Sections
of `Composite Information Object Definitions (Normative) <#chapter_A>`__
that are normative.

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Images

   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | **     | CR | CT | Enh CT | MR | Enh MR | Enh MR | NM | US  | US MF | Enh US | SC | SC MF  | SC MF  | SC MF  | SC MF  | PT | Enh PT |
   | IODs** |    |    |        |    |        | Col    |    |     |       | Vol    |    | SB     | GB     | GW     | TC     |    |        |
   |        |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | **Mod  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ules** |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +========+====+====+========+====+========+========+====+=====+=======+========+====+========+========+========+========+====+========+
   | P      | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M   | M     | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  | M      |
   | atient |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | inical |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Trial  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | S      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ubject |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | G      | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M   | M     | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  | M      |
   | eneral |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Study  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | P      | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | atient |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Study  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | inical |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Trial  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Study  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | G      | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M   | M     | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  | M      |
   | eneral |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | inical |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Trial  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | CR     | M  |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM/PET |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | M  |        |
   | P      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | atient |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Orien  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | tation |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | M  |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | M  |        |
   | I      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sotope |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | C  |        |
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -gated |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Acqui  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sition |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    | M      |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | M      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | US     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Series |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Frame  |    | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | U  | U   | U     | M      |    |        | C      | C      | C      | M  | M      |
   | of     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Ref    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | erence |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Ultr   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | M      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | asound |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Frame  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | of     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Ref    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | erence |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Syn    |    |    | C      |    | C      | C      | C  | U   | U     | M      |    |        | U      | U      | U      | C  | C      |
   | chroni |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | zation |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | C      |    |    | C      |    | C      | C      |    |     |       | C      |    |        |        |        |        |    | C      |
   | ardiac |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Syn    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | chroni |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | zation |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Respi  |    |    | C      |    | C      | C      |    |     |       | C      |    |        |        |        |        |    | C      |
   | ratory |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Syn    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | chroni |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | zation |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Bulk   |    |    |        |    | C      | C      |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Motion |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Syn    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | chroni |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | zation |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | G      | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M   | M     | M      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | M  | M      |
   | eneral |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Equ    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ipment |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    | M      |    | M      | M      |    |     |       | M      |    |        |        |        |        |    | M      |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | G      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | eneral |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Equ    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ipment |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | SC     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      |    |        |
   | Equ    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ipment |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | G      | M  | M  |        | M  |        |        | M  | M\* | M     | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  |        |
   | eneral |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Image  |    | M  |        | M  |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | M  |        |
   | Plane  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Image  | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M\* | M     | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  | M      |
   | Pixel  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Pixel  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | P      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    | C   | C     |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | alette |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Color  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Lookup |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Table  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Supple |    |    | C      |    | C      |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | mental |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | P      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | alette |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Color  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Lookup |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Table  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | U      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | P      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | alette |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Color  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Lookup |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Table  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Co     | C  | C  |        | C  |        |        |    | C\* | C     |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ntrast |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | /Bolus |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    | C      |    | C      | C      |    |     |       | C      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Co     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ntrast |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | /Bolus |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Cine   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     | M     |        |    | C      | C      | C      | C      |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     | M     |        |    | M      | M      | M      | M      |    |        |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Frame  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     | U     |        |    | U      | U      | U      | U      |    |        |
   | Po     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | inters |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Multi  |    |    | M      |    | M      | M      |    |     |       | M      |    |        | U      | U      | U      |    | M      |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Func   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | tional |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Groups |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Multi  |    |    | M      |    | M      | M      |    |     |       | M      |    |        | U      | U      | U      |    | M      |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Dim    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ension |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Ex     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | U      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | cluded |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Int    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ervals |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | D      | U  |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | isplay |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | S      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hutter |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Device | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Interv |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    | U      |
   | ention |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Sp     | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | C      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | ecimen |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | CR     | M  |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | CT     |    | M  |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    | M      |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | CT     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | MR     |    |    |        | M  |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    | M      | M      |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | MR     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | MR     |    |    |        |    | C      | C      |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Pulse  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Se     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | quence |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | I      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sotope |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | M  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | De     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | tector |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | C  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | TOMO   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Acqui  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sition |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | C  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -Gated |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Acqui  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sition |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | C  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Phase  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | NM     |    |    |        |    |        |        | C  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Re     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | constr |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | uction |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | US     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    | U\* | U     |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Region |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Calib  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ration |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | US     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    | M\* | M     |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | M      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | US     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | IVUS   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       | C      |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | SC     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        | M  | U      | U      | U      | U      |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | SC     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    | M      | M      | M      | M      |    |        |
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | SC     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    | C      | C      | C      | C      |    |        |
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Vector |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        | M  |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    | M      |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | I      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sotope |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    | M      |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Acqui  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | sition |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | En     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    | M      |
   | hanced |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | PET    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Image  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | O      | U  | U  |        | U  |        |        | U  | U\* |       |        | U  |        |        |        |        | U  |        |
   | verlay |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Plane  |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Multi  |    |    |        |    |        |        | U  |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | -frame |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | O      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | verlay |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Mo     | U  |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        | U  |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | dality |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | LUT    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | VOI    | U  | U  |        | U  |        |        | U  | U\* | U     |        | U  |        | C      | C      |        | U  |        |
   | LUT    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Common | U  | U  | U      | U  | U      | U      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  | U      | U      | U      | U      | U  | U      |
   | In     |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | stance |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | Ref    |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | erence |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Acqui  |    |    | M      |    | M      | M      | U  |     |       | M      |    |        |        |        |        | U  | M      |
   | sition |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | C      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | ontext |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | ICC    |    |    | U      |    | U      | M      | U  | U   | U     | U      | U  |        |        |        | U      |    |        |
   | P      |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | rofile |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | SOP    | M  | M  | M      | M  | M      | M      | M  | M\* | M\*   | M      | M  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M  | M      |
   | Common |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+
   | Frame  |    |    | C      |    | C      | C      | C  |     | C     | C      |    | C      | C      | C      | C      |    | C      |
   | Extr   |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   | action |    |    |        |    |        |        |    |     |       |        |    |        |        |        |        |    |        |
   +--------+----+----+--------+----+--------+--------+----+-----+-------+--------+----+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+

\* The notation next to M and U indicates a special condition for these
Modules. Refer to the corresponding Information Object Definitions in
this Annex for details.

.. note::

   1. The original US Image IOD and US multi-frame IOD, and the
      associated US and US multi-frame Storage SOP Class UID have been
      retired. New US and US multi-frame Image IODs are defined, as
      shown in `table_title <#table_A.1-1a>`__, which includes the
      `Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.9>`__.

   2. The original NM Image IOD and the associated NM Storage SOP Class
      UID have been retired. A completely new NM Image IOD is defined,
      as shown in `table_title <#table_A.1-1a>`__.

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - More Images

   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | **     | XA  | Enh XA | RF  | Enh RF | 3D XA | 3D CF | Br     | Br     | RT IM | DX | MG | IO | Par    |
   | IODs** |     |        |     |        |       |       | Tomo   | Proj   |       |    |    |    | Map    |
   |        |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | **Mod  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ules** |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +========+=====+========+=====+========+=======+=======+========+========+=======+====+====+====+========+
   | P      | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      | M     | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | atient |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   | inical |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Trial  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | S      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ubject |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | G      | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      | M     | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | eneral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Study  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | P      | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   | atient |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Study  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   | inical |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Trial  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Study  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | G      | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      |       | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | eneral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Cl     | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   | inical |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Trial  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     |        |     |        | M     | M     |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | RT     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        | M     |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | DX     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        | M      |       | M  | M  | M  |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Mammo  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    | M  |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     |        |     |        |       |       | M      | M      |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Mammo  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Intr   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    | M  |        |
   | a-Oral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | XA/XRF |     | M      |     | M      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Para   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | M      |
   | metric |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Map    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Series |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Frame  |     | C      |     | U      | M     | M     | M      | M      | U     | U  | C  | U  | M      |
   | of     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Ref    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | erence |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Syn    | U   | C      | U   | C      | U     |       | C      | C      |       |    |    |    | U      |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | C      |     | C      |     | C      | C     |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ardiac |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Syn    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Respi  |     | C      |     | C      | C     |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ratory |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Syn    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | G      | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      | M     | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | eneral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Equ    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ipment |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     | M      |     | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      |       |    |    |    | M      |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | G      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | eneral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Equ    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ipment |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | G      | M   |        | M   |        |       |       |        |        | M     | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | eneral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Image  | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      | M     | M  | M  | M  | C      |
   | Pixel  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Fl     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | C      |
   | oating |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Point  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Pixel  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Double |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | C      |
   | Fl     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | oating |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Point  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Pixel  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | P      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | C      |
   | alette |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Color  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Lookup |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Table  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Co     | C   |        | C   |        |       |       |        |        | C     | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | ntrast |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | /Bolus |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     | C      |     | C      | C     | C     | C      | C      |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Co     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ntrast |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | /Bolus |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Cine   | C   |        | C   |        |       |       |        |        | C     |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Multi  | C   |        | C   |        |       |       |        |        | C     |    |    |    |        |
   | -frame |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Frame  | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Po     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | inters |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Multi  |     | M      |     | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      |       |    |    |    | M      |
   | -frame |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Func   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tional |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Groups |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Multi  |     | U      |     | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      |       |    |    |    | M      |
   | -frame |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Dim    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ension |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Mask   | C   | U      | C   | U      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | D      | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | isplay |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | S      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hutter |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Device | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Interv | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | ention |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Sp     | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      |       | U  | U  | U  | U      |
   | ecimen |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | P      |     |        |     |        | U     | U     |        | M      |       |    |    |    |        |
   | atient |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Orien  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Image  |     |        |     |        | U     | U     | U      |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | -      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Equ    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ipment |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Coor   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | dinate |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Relati |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | onship |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | C      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | U      |
   | ardiac |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Syn    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Respi  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | U      |
   | ratory |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Syn    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Bulk   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | U      |
   | Motion |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Syn    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | chroni |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | zation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  | M   |        | M   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     | M      |     | M      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | XA/XRF |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  | M   |        | M   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | XA/XRF |     | C      |     | C      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Coll   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | imator |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  | C   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Table  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | XRF    |     |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Posi   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tioner |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        | C   | U      |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Tomo   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | graphy |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Dose   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Gene   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ration |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     | U      |     | U      |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Filt   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ration |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     | U      |     | U      |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Grid   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | XA     | M   |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Posi   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tioner |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     | C      |     | C      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Inten  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sifier |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     | C      |     | C      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | De     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tector |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | XA/XRF |     | U      |     | U      |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Multi  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | -frame |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Presen |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tation |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        | M     | M     | M      |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        | U     |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Angiog |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | raphic |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Contri |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | buting |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | S      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ources |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        |       | U     |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Cranio |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | facial |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Contri |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | buting |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | S      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ources |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Breast |     |        |     |        |       |       | U      |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | T      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | omosyn |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | thesis |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Contri |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | buting |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | S      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ources |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        | U     |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Angiog |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | raphic |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        |       | U     |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Cranio |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | facial |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Breast |     |        |     |        |       |       | U      |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | T      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | omosyn |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | thesis |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Acqui  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | X-Ray  |     |        |     |        | U     | U     | U      |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | 3D     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Re     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | constr |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | uction |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | En     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        | M      |       |    |    |    |        |
   | hanced |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Mammo  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | graphy |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Breast |     |        |     |        |       |       | M      | M      |       |    |    |    |        |
   | View   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | DX     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | M  | M  | M  |        |
   | A      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | natomy |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Imaged |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | DX     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | M  | M  | M  |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | DX     | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       | M  | M  | M  |        |
   | De     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | tector |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | DX     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | Posit  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ioning |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Mammo  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    | M  |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Intr   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    | M  |        |
   | a-Oral |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | RT     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        | M     |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Para   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    | M      |
   | metric |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Map    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Ap     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        | U     |    |    |    |        |
   | proval |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | O      | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        |       | C  | C  | C  |        |
   | verlay |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Plane  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Multi  | C   |        | C   |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | -frame |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | O      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | verlay |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Mo     | C\* |        | C\* |        |       |       |        |        | U     |    |    |    |        |
   | dality |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | LUT    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | VOI    | U   |        | U   |        |       |       |        |        | U     | C  | C  | C  |        |
   | LUT    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Image  |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       | U  | U  | U  |        |
   | His    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | togram |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Common | U   | U      | U   | U      | U     | U     | U      | U      | U     | U  | U  | U  | C      |
   | In     |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | stance |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | Ref    |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | erence |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Acqui  |     | M      |     | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      |       | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | sition |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | C      |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | ontext |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | SOP    | M   | M      | M   | M      | M     | M     | M      | M      | M     | M  | M  | M  | M      |
   | Common |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+
   | Frame  | C   | C      | C   | C      | C     | C     | C      | C      | C     |    |    |    | C      |
   | Extr   |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   | action |     |        |     |        |       |       |        |        |       |    |    |    |        |
   +--------+-----+--------+-----+--------+-------+-------+--------+--------+-------+----+----+----+--------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - More Images

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | **I   | VL EN | VL MC | VL SL | VL WS | VL PH | Vid   | Vid   | Vid   | IVOCT | Seg |
   | ODs** |       |       |       |       |       | VL EN | VL MC | VL PH |       |     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Whole |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Slide |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Micro |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | scopy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Int   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |
   | ravas |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | OCT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Frame |       |       | M     | M     |       |       |       |       | M     | C   |
   | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Synch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | U     | M     |     |
   | roniz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |     |
   | rdiac |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Synch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | roniz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Enh   |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     | M   |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       | M   |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Image | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | Pixel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |     |
   | pplem |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ental |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | lette |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | L     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ookup |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Enh   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Cont  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | rast/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Bolus |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Cine  |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | M     |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |       |     |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     | M   |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Funct |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ional |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | G     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | roups |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     | M   |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Dime  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | nsion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | D     | U     | U     | U     |       | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |     |
   | evice |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Spe   | U     | C     | M     | M     | C     | C     | C     | C     |       | U   |
   | cimen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | VL    | M     | M     | M     |       | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Slide |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | oordi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | nates |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Whole |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Slide |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Micro |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | scopy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Op    |       | U     | U     | M     |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | tical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Path  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | M     |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Resol |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ution |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Navig |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Slide |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Label |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Int   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |
   | ravas |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | OCT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Int   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |
   | ravas |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | OCT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cquis |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Int   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |     |
   | ravas |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | OCT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Proce |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ssing |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Int   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |
   | ravas |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | cquis |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Ov    | U     | U     | U     |       | U     |       |       |       |       |     |
   | erlay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Plane |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | C     | U     | U     | U     | M     | U     | U     | U     | U     | M     | C   |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | A     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |     |
   | cquis |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ntext |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | ICC   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |       |     |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ofile |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
   | Frame |       |       |       | C     |       | C     | C     | C     | C     | C   |
   | Extra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - More Images

   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | **     | Oph 8  | Oph 16 | WF Oph | WF Oph | OPT | OCT    | OCT    | OPM | CM |
   | IODs** | Bit    | Bit    | St     | 3DC    |     | ENF    | BSV    |     |    |
   |        |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | **Mod  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ules** |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +========+========+========+========+========+=====+========+========+=====+====+
   | P      | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | atient |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Cl     | U      | U      | U      | U      | U   | U      | U      | U   | U  |
   | inical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Trial  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | S      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ubject |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | G      | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | eneral |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Study  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | P      | U      | U      | U      | U      | U   | U      | U      | U   | U  |
   | atient |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Study  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Cl     | U      | U      | U      | U      | U   | U      | U      | U   | U  |
   | inical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Trial  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Study  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | G      | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | eneral |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Cl     | U      | U      | U      | U      | U   | U      | U      | U   | U  |
   | inical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Trial  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        | M   |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     | M      |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | En     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Face   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        | M      |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | B-scan |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Volume |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | An     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | alysis |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        | M   |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Thi    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ckness |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | C      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     | M  |
   | orneal |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Topo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Series |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Frame  |        |        | M      | M      | C   | M      | M      |     | M  |
   | of     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Ref    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | erence |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Syn    | M      | M      | M      | M      | C   |        |        |     |    |
   | chroni |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | zation |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | C      |        |        |        |        | C   |        |        |     |    |
   | ardiac |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Syn    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | chroni |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | zation |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | G      | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | eneral |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Equ    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ipment |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | En     |        |        | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | hanced |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | G      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | eneral |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Equ    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ipment |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | G      | M      | M      | M      | M      |     | M      |        | M   | M  |
   | eneral |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Image  | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | Pixel  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | P      |        |        |        |        |     | C      |        |     | M  |
   | alette |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Color  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Lookup |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Table  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Supple |        |        |        |        |     |        |        | C   |    |
   | mental |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | P      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | alette |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Color  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Lookup |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Table  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | En     | C      | C      | C      | C      | C   |        |        |     |    |
   | hanced |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Co     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ntrast |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | /Bolus |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Cine   | C      | C      | C      | C      |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Multi  | M      | M      | M      | M      |     |        |        |     |    |
   | -frame |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Multi  |        |        |        |        | M   |        | M      |     |    |
   | -frame |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Func   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | tional |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Groups |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Multi  |        |        |        |        | M   |        | M      |     |    |
   | -frame |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Dim    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ension |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Bitmap |        |        |        |        |     |        |        | C   |    |
   | D      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | isplay |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | S      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | hutter |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Device | U      | U      |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   | M      | M      | M      | M      |     |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photo  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Wide   |        |        | M      |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Field  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photo  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | S      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | tereog |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | raphic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Proj   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ection |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Wide   |        |        |        | M      |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Field  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photo  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | 3D     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Coord  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | inates |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Wide   |        |        | C      | C      |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Field  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photo  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Q      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | uality |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Rating |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Ocular | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      |        |     |    |
   | Region |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Imaged |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   | M      | M      | M      | M      |     |        |        | M   | M  |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photo  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Acqui  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | sition |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Para   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | meters |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   | M      | M      | M      | M      |     |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Photog |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | raphic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Para   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | meters |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        | M   |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        | M   |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Para   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | meters |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        | M   |        |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Acqui  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | sition |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Para   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | meters |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        | M   |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Thi    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ckness |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        | C   |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Thi    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ckness |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Q      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | uality |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Rating |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | C      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     | M  |
   | orneal |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Topo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | C      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     | M  |
   | orneal |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Topo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Map    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | An     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | alysis |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     | M      |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | O      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ptical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Coh    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | erence |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | En     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Face   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     |        | M      |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | O      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ptical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Coh    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | erence |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | B-scan |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Volume |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | An     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | alysis |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Opht   |        |        |        |        |     | C      |        |     |    |
   | halmic |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | O      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ptical |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Coh    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | erence |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Tomo   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | graphy |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | En     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Face   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Image  |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Q      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | uality |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Rating |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Common | U      | U      | U      | U      | U   | U      | U      | U   |    |
   | In     |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | stance |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | Ref    |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | erence |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Acqui  | U      | U      | U      | U      | M   |        |        | M   | M  |
   | sition |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | C      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | ontext |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | ICC    | U      | U      | C      | C      |     | U      |        |     | U  |
   | P      |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | rofile |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | SOP    | M      | M      | M      | M      | M   | M      | M      | M   | M  |
   | Common |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+
   | Frame  | C      | C      | C      | C      | C   |        | C      |     |    |
   | Extr   |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   | action |        |        |        |        |     |        |        |     |    |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+--------+-----+----+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Non-Images

   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | **IODs** | MR       | Raw Data | Surface  | Surface  | Content  |
   |          | Spec     |          | Scan     | Scan     | As       |
   | **M      | troscopy |          | Point    | Mesh     | sessment |
   | odules** |          |          | Cloud    |          | Result   |
   +==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
   | Patient  | M        | M        | M        | M        | M        |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Clinical | U        | U        | U        | U        | U        |
   | Trial    |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Subject  |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | General  | M        | M        | M        | M        | M        |
   | Study    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Patient  | U        | U        | U        | U        | U        |
   | Study    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Clinical | U        | U        | U        | U        | U        |
   | Trial    |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Study    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | General  | M        | M        | M        | M        | M        |
   | Series   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Clinical | U        | U        | U        | U        | U        |
   | Trial    |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Series   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Optical  |          |          | M        | M        |          |
   | Surface  |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Scanner  |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Series   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Frame of | M        | U        |          |          |          |
   | R        |          |          |          |          |          |
   | eference |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Sync.    | C        | C        |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Cardiac  | C        |          |          |          |          |
   | Sync.    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Res      | C        |          |          |          |          |
   | piratory |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Sync.    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Bulk     | C        |          |          |          |          |
   | Motion   |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Sync.    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | General  | M        | M        | M        | M        | M        |
   | Equip.   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Enhanced | M        |          | M        | M        | M        |
   | General  |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Equip.   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Mul      | M        |          |          |          |          |
   | ti-frame |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
   | nctional |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Groups   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Mul      | M        |          |          |          |          |
   | ti-frame |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Dim.     |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Specimen | U        | U        | U        | U        |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Raw Data |          | M        |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | MR       | M        |          |          |          |          |
   | Spect.   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | MR       | C        |          |          |          |          |
   | Spect.   |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Pulse    |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Sequence |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | MR       | M        |          |          |          |          |
   | Spect.   |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Data     |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Point    |          |          | M        |          |          |
   | Cloud    |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Surface  |          |          |          | M        |          |
   | Mesh     |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | UV       |          |          | U        | U        |          |
   | Mapping  |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Scan     |          |          | M        | M        |          |
   | P        |          |          |          |          |          |
   | rocedure |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Content  |          |          |          |          | M        |
   | As       |          |          |          |          |          |
   | sessment |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Results  |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Acq      | M        | M        |          |          |          |
   | uisition |          |          |          |          |          |
   | Context  |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Common   |          |          |          |          | M        |
   | Instance |          |          |          |          |          |
   | R        |          |          |          |          |          |
   | eference |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | SOP      | M        | M        | M        | M        | M        |
   | Common   |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
   | Frame    | C        |          |          |          |          |
   | Ex       |          |          |          |          |          |
   | traction |          |          |          |          |          |
   +----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - More
Non-Images

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | Ln Mx | Aut   | Ker   | Sub   | Vis   | Op Ax | IO Ln | OPV | Reg | Def   | Fid | RWV | Str   | HP | Sfc   | Col   | Bs St | Trc   |
   | ODs** |       | Ref   | Mx    | Ref   | Acy   | Mx    | Cl    |     |     | Reg   |     |     | Rl    |    | Seg   | Pal   | Dsp   | Res   |
   |       |       | Mx    |       | Mx    | Mx    |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+=====+=======+=====+=====+=======+====+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   | M   | M     | M   | M   | M     |    | M     |       | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   | U   | U     | U   | U   | U     |    | U     |       | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   | M   | M     | M   | M   | M     |    | M     |       | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   | U   | U     | U   | U   | U     |    | U     |       | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   | U   | U     | U   | U   | U     |    | U     |       | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   | M   | M     | M   |     | M     |    | M     |       | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U   |     |       | U   |     | U     |    | U     |       | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       | M     |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     | M   | M     |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | gistr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       | M   |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Fidu  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cials |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Real  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     | M   |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | World |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Value |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | pping |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | St    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     | M     |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ereom |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    | M     |       |       |       |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Lenso | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Auto  |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | refra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | K     |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | erato |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Subje |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ctive |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Refra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cuity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ophth |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | almic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Axial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ntrao |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Lens  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | lcula |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Field |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tatic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Peri  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       | M     |
   | actog |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | raphy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | sults |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     | M   | M     |     |     |       |    | M     |       |       | M     |
   | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   | M   | M     | M   | M   | M     |    | M     |       | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   |     | M     |     |     |       |    | M     |       | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       | U     |
   | cimen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       | M     |       |       |
   | lette |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | St    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     | M     |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ereom |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | latio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | nship |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | ICC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       | M     |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ofile |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     | M   |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | gistr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Defor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     | M     |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | gistr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       | M   |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Fidu  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cials |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Real  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     | M   |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | World |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Value |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | pping |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    | M     |       |       |       |
   | rface |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    | M     |       |       |       |
   | rface |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Mesh  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       | M     |       |       |
   | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | lette |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Defin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Struc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       | M     |       |
   | tured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Struc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       | M     |       |
   | tured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Box   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Struc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       | U     |       |
   | tured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ophth |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | almic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Refra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ctive |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Lenso | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Auto  |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | refra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | K     |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | erato |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Subje |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ctive |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Refra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cuity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ophth |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | almic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Axial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ntrao |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Lens  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | lcula |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Field |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tatic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Peri  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Field |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tatic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Peri  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eliab |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ility |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Field |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tatic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Peri  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Msr   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | mnts. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | isual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Field |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tatic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Peri  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | sults |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ophth |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | U   |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | almic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Cli   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | nform |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Lens  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     | M   | M     | M   | M   | M     |    | C     |       | M     | M     |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ha    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       | M  |       |       |       |       |
   | nging |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Pro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tocol |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Defin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ha    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       | M  |       |       |       |       |
   | nging |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Pro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tocol |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | nviro |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | nment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ha    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       | M  |       |       |       |       |
   | nging |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Pro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | tocol |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       | M     |
   | actog |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | raphy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | sults |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M   | M   | M     | M   | M   | M     | M  | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |     |       |     |     |       |    |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+-----+-------+-----+-----+-------+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Radiotherapy

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    | RT    |
   | ODs** | Dose  | Struc | Plan  | Beam  | B     | Sum   | Ion   | Ion   | Beams | B     |
   |       |       | Set   |       | Rec   | rachy |       | Plan  | Beams | Del   | rachy |
   | *     |       |       |       |       | Rec   |       |       | Treat | ivery | App   |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Rec   | Inst  | Setup |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Del   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivery |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Inst  |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Frame | M     | U     | U     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Image | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Plane |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Image | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Pixel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | M     | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | DVH   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Stru  | C     | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | cture |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | ROI   | C     | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntour |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ROI   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ROI   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ob    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | serva |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |       | M     |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trea  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | Trea  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | chine |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Mea   |       |       |       | U     | U     |       |       | U     |       |       |
   | sured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Calcu |       |       |       | U     | U     |       |       | U     |       |       |
   | lated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beams |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | Ion   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beams |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |
   | B     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rachy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | U     | U     | M     |       | U     |       |       |
   | Trea  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | mmary |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Plan  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | U     |       |       |       | U     |       |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | escri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ption |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Tole  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | T     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ables |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       | U     |       |       |       |
   | Ion   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Tole  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | T     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ables |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | U     | U     | U     |       | U     | U     |       |       |
   | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Setup |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | U     |       |       |       | U     |       |       |       |
   | Fra   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | cheme |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beams |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | Ion   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beams |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | B     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rachy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pplic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | etups |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | Beams |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nstru |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | B     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rachy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pplic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Setup |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nstru |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | App   |       | U     | U     |       |       |       | U     |       |       |       |
   | roval |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ov    | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | erlay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Plane |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | M     | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ulti- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | frame |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ov    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | erlay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Mod   | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ality |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | C     | M     |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Frame | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Extra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Second
Generation Radiotherapy

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | RT    | RT    | RT    | C-Arm | Tomo  | Rob   | RT    | RT    | C-Arm | Tomo  | Rob   |
   | ODs** | Physn | Seg   | Rad   | P-E   | Rad   | Arm   | Rad   | Rad   | P-E   | Rec   | Arm   |
   |       | I     | Annot | Set   | Rad   |       | Rad   | Rec   | Slvg  | Rec   |       | Rec   |
   | *     | ntent |       |       |       |       |       | Set   | Rec   |       |       |       |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Frame |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     |       | U     | M     | M     | M     |
   | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Synch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     | C     | C     |
   | roniz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ra    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | dioth |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | erapy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Phys  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ician |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | U     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | escri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ption |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trea  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Phase |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Radi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntrib |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ution |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |
   | Radi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |       |
   | Dose  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntrib |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ution |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |       | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | evice |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Radi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Radi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | RT    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | Radi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sa    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | lvage |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ecord |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C-Arm |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | Photo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | n-Ele |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ctron |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | evice |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C-Arm |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | Photo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | n-Ele |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ctron |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beam  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tomot |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | herap |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eutic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | evice |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tomot |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | herap |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eutic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Beam  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | oboti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | c-Arm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Del   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ivery |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | evice |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | oboti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | c-Arm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Path  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Se    |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | gment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Implants

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IODs           | Generic        | Implant        | Implant        |
   |                | Implant        | Assembly       | Template Group |
   | Modules        | Template       | Template       |                |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Generic        | M              |                |                |
   | Implant        |                |                |                |
   | Template       |                |                |                |
   | Description    |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | C              |                |                |
   | Implant        |                |                |                |
   | Template 2D    |                |                |                |
   | Drawings       |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | C              |                |                |
   | Implant        |                |                |                |
   | Template 3D    |                |                |                |
   | Models         |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | U              |                |                |
   | Implant        |                |                |                |
   | Template       |                |                |                |
   | Mating         |                |                |                |
   | Features       |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | U              |                |                |
   | Implant        |                |                |                |
   | Template       |                |                |                |
   | Planning       |                |                |                |
   | Landmarks      |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Implant        |                | M              |                |
   | Assembly       |                |                |                |
   | Template       |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Implant        |                |                | M              |
   | Template Group |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | M              | M              | M              |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Surface Mesh   | U              |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Presentation
States

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | Gray  | Col   | P     | Blend | XA RF | P     | Vol   | Adv   |
   | ODs** | Pres  | Pres  | seudo | Pres  | Pres  | lanar | Rend  | Blend |
   |       | State | State | Col   | State | State | MPR   | Vol   | Pres  |
   | *     |       |       | Pres  |       |       | Vol   | Pres  | State |
   | *Modu |       |       | State |       |       | Pres  | State |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       | State |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Frame |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |
   | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Mask  | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Di    | C     | C     | C     |       |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sh    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | utter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | B     | C     | C     | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | itmap |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sh    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | utter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    |       |       | M     | M     |       |       |       |       |
   | lette |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ov    | C     | C     | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | erlay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Plane |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Disp. | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |       | U     |
   | Area  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ov    | C     | C     | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | erlay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ctvn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Gr    | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | U     | U     | U     |
   | aphic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nnot. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sp    | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     |       |       | C     |
   | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | T     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rans. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Gr    | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     |
   | aphic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Layer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Gr    | U     | U     | U     | U     |       | U     | U     | U     |
   | aphic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Group |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Mod   | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ality |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sof   | C     |       | C     |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | tcopy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | VOI   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sof   | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | tcopy |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | LUT   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |       | M     |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     | M     | M     | M     |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Reln. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     | M     | M     | M     |       | M     |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sh    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | utter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     | M     |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Mask  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | P     |       |       |       | M     |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ble   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nding |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Adv.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ble   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nding |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Adv.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | X     |       |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | A/XRF |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Mask  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | X     |       |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | A/XRF |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sh    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | utter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | X     |       |       |       |       | C     |       |       |       |
   | A/XRF |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | resn. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Volum |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Iden  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tific |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Volum |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | latio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nship |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       | C     | C     |       |
   | olume |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Cro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pping |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | View  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | escri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ption |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Mu    |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | lti-P |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | lanar |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Reco  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | nstru |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Geo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | olume |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ender |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Geo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | metry |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       | U     |       |
   | ender |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Sh    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ading |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | MPR   |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | Volum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | State |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | ender |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Di    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | splay |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Volum |       |       |       |       |       | U     | U     |       |
   | etric |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Gr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | aphic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       | U     | U     |       |
   | esent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Anim  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | ICC   |       | M     | M     | M     |       |       |       | M     |
   | Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ofile |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tance |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Structured
Reports

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | Basic | Enhd  | Comp  | Comp  | Extns | Key   | Rend  | Mam   | Ch    | Col   | Impl  | Prc   |
   | ODs** | Text  | SR    | SR    | 3D SR | SR    | Obj   | Obj   | CAD   | CAD   | CAD   | Plan  | Log   |
   |       | SR    |       |       |       |       | Sel   | Sel   |       |       |       | SR    |       |
   | *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Key   |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sync. |       | U     | U     | U     | U     |       | M     |       | U     |       |       | M     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   |       |       |       |       | M     |       | M     |       |       | M     | M     |       |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Key   |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tim   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |
   | ezone |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - More
Structured Reports

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | RD SR | R-RD  | Pat   | Sp Rx | Mac   | Acq   | Simp  | Plan  | Perf  |
   | ODs** |       | SR    | RDSR  | Rp    | Grd   | Ctx   | Card  | IA    | IA    |
   |       |       |       |       |       | Rp    | SR    | Echo  | Admin | Admin |
   | *     |       |       |       |       |       |       | SR    | SR    | SR    |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Key   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Sync. | C     | C     | C     |       |       | C     | C     |       | M     |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | quip. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SR    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Key   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Doc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ument |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Tim   |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     |       |       |
   | ezone |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Waveforms

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | **I   | Basic | 12    | Ge    | Ambul | Hemo  | Basic | Art   | Resp  | Ge    | Scalp | EMG   | EOG   | Sleep | Multi | Body  |
   | ODs** | Voice | Lead  | neral | ECG   | WF    | Ca    | erial | WF    | neral | EEG   | WF    | WF    | EEG   | Resp  | Posn  |
   |       | Audio | ECG   | ECG   | WF    |       | rdiac | Pulse |       | Audio | WF    |       |       | WF    | WF    | WF    |
   | *     |       |       | WF    |       |       | EP WF | WF    |       | WF    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | *Modu |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | les** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | Pa    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Pa    | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | tient |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Study |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Cli   | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | nical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Trial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | eries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Synch | U     | U     | U     | U     | C     | C     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | roniz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Ge    | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Enh   |       |       |       |       |       |       | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | anced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Ge    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | neral |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Equi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Wav   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | eform |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Iden  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | tific |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Wav   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | eform |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | Wav   | U     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     | C     |
   | eform |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | A     | M     | M     | M     | U     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | U     | U     | U     | U     | U     |
   | cquis |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ntext |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | SOP   | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     | M     |
   | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | ommon |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Protocols

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | **IODs**       | CT Performed   | CT Defined     | Protocol       |
   |                | Procedure      | Procedure      | Approval       |
   | **Modules**    | Protocol       | Protocol       |                |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | M              |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | U              |                |                |
   | Subject        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General Study  | M              |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | U              |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | U              |                |                |
   | Study          |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General Series | M              |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | U              |                |                |
   | Series         |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | M              |                |                |
   | Series         |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | CT Protocol    | M              |                |                |
   | Series         |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | M              |                |                |
   | Reference      |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | M              | M              | M              |
   | Equipment      |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | M              | M              | M              |
   | General        |                |                |                |
   | Equipment      |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Protocol       | M              | M              |                |
   | Context        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient        | U              |                |                |
   | Protocol       |                |                |                |
   | Context        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial |                | U              |                |
   | Context        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient        |                | U              |                |
   | Specification  |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      |                | M              |                |
   | Specification  |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Instructions   | U              | U              |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient        | U              | U              |                |
   | Positioning    |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Defined CT     |                | U              |                |
   | Acquisition    |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Performed CT   | U              |                |                |
   | Acquisition    |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Defined CT     |                | U              |                |
   | Reconstruction |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Performed CT   | U              |                |                |
   | Reconstruction |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Defined        |                | U              |                |
   | Storage        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Performed      | U              |                |                |
   | Storage        |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Protocol       |                |                | M              |
   | Approval       |                |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | M              | M              | M              |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. table:: Composite Information Object Modules Overview - Encapsulated
Documents

   ============================ ======= ======= ======= ======= =======
   **IODs**                     Enc PDF Enc CDA Enc STL Enc OBJ Enc MTL
                                                                
   **Modules**                                                  
   ============================ ======= ======= ======= ======= =======
   Patient                      M       M       M       M       M
   Clinical Trial Subject       U       U       U       U       U
   General Study                M       M       M       M       M
   Patient Study                U       U       U       U       U
   Clinical Trial Study         U       U       U       U       U
   Clinical Trial Series        U       U       U       U       U
   Encapsulated Document Series M       M       M       M       M
   Frame of Reference                           M       M       
   General Equipment            M       M       M       M       M
   Enhanced General Equipment                   M       M       M
   SC Equipment                 M       M                       
   Encapsulated Document        M       M       M       M       M
   Manufacturing 3D Model                       M       M       M
   ICC Profile                                  U       U       U
   SOP Common                   M       M               M       M
   Common Instance Reference                    C       C       C
   ============================ ======= ======= ======= ======= =======

.. table:: Real-Time Object Modules Overview - Images

   =============================== ====== ======
   **IODs**                        RTV EN RTV PH
                                          
   **Modules**                            
   =============================== ====== ======
   Patient                         M      M
   Clinical Trial Subject          U      U
   General Study                   M      M
   Patient Study                   U      U
   Clinical Trial Study            U      U
   General Series                  M      M
   Clinical Trial Series           U      U
   General Equipment               M      M
   Enhanced General Equipment      M      M
   Frame of Reference              C      C
   Synchronization                 M      M
   General Image                   M      M
   General Reference               U      U
   Real-Time Bulk Data Flow        M      M
   Acquisition Context             M      M
   Device                          U      U
   Specimen                        C      C
   VL Image                        M      M
   ICC Profile                     M      U
   SOP Common                      M      M
   Common Instance Reference       M      M
   Real-Time Acquisition           M      M
   Current Frame Functional Groups M      M
   =============================== ====== ======

.. table:: Real-Time Object Modules Overview - Waveforms

   =============================== =====================
   **IODs**                        RTV Basic Voice Audio
                                   
   **Modules**                     
   =============================== =====================
   Patient                         M
   Clinical Trial Subject          U
   General Study                   M
   Patient Study                   U
   Clinical Trial Study            U
   General Series                  M
   Clinical Trial Series           U
   General Equipment               M
   Enhanced General Equipment      M
   Synchronization                 M
   Waveform Identification         M
   Real-Time Bulk Data Flow        M
   Acquisition Context             M
   SOP Common                      M
   Current Frame Functional Groups M
   =============================== =====================

.. _sect_A.2:

Computed Radiography Image IOD
------------------------------

.. _sect_A.2.1:

CR Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Computed Radiography (CR) Image Information Object Definition
specifies an image that has been created by a computed radiography
imaging device.

.. note::

   Digital Luminescence Radiography is an equivalent term for computed
   Radiography.

.. _sect_A.2.2:

CR Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.2.3:

CR Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the CR Image
IOD.

.. table:: CR Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CR Series         | `CR Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.1.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CR Image          | `CR Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.1.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.3:

CT Image IOD
------------

.. _sect_A.3.1:

CT Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Computed Tomography (CT) Image Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies an image that has been created by a computed tomography
imaging device.

.. _sect_A.3.2:

CT Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.3.3:

CT Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the CT Image
IOD.

.. table:: CT Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Plane       | `Image Plane      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CT Image          | `CT Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.2.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-energy CT   | `Multi-energy CT  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Image             | Image             | Multi-energy CT   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Acquisition       |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.2.2>`__ | (0018,9361) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | YES.              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.3.3.1:

CT Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If Multi-energy CT Acquisition (0018,9361) is YES the following
constraints will apply:

-  The `Contrast/Bolus Module <#sect_C.7.6.4>`__ shall be present if
   contrast was administered even if images are processed to remove
   contrast information from the pixels, e.g. Virtual Non-Contrast
   images.

-  The Real World Value Mapping Sequence (0040,9096) shall be present in
   the `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__.

-  For Measurement Units Code Sequence (0040,08EA) in the Real World
   Value Mapping Sequence (0040,9096) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.4:

MR Image IOD
------------

.. _sect_A.4.1:

MR Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Magnetic Resonance (MR) Image Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies an image that has been created by a magnetic resonance imaging
device.

.. _sect_A.4.2:

MR Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.4.3:

MR Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.4-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the MR Image
IOD.

.. table:: MR Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Plane       | `Image Plane      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Image          | `MR Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.3.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.5:

Nuclear Medicine Image IOD
--------------------------

.. _sect_A.5.1:

NM Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Nuclear Medicine (NM) Image Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies an image that has been created by a nuclear medicine imaging
device. This includes data created by external detection devices that
create images of the distribution of administered radioactive materials
in the body. Depending on the specific radio pharmaceutical administered
and the particular imaging procedure performed, problems involving
changes in metabolism, function, or physiology can be investigated and
various regional pathologies can be studied.

.. _sect_A.5.2:

NM Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.5.3:

NM Image IOD Module Table (Retired)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section was defined in a previous version of the DICOM Standard.
The Section is now retired.

.. _sect_A.5.4:

NM Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.5-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the NM Image
IOD.

.. table:: NM Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM/PET Patient    | `NM/PET Patient   | M                 |       |
   | Orientation       | Orientation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.4.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U - See           |       |
   | Context           | Context           | `Acquisition      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Context           |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_A.5.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Image Pixel    | `NM Image Pixel   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.4.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Multi-frame    | `NM Multi-frame   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.4.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Image          | `NM Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.4.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Isotope        | `NM Isotope       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Detector       | `NM Detector      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM TOMO           | `NM Tomo          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.12>`__ | 3 is TOMO, GATED  |       |
   |                   |                   | TOMO, RECON TOMO  |       |
   |                   |                   | or RECON GATED    |       |
   |                   |                   | TOMO              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Multi-gated    | `NM Multi-gated   | C - Required if   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.13>`__ | 3 is GATED, GATED |       |
   |                   |                   | TOMO, or RECON    |       |
   |                   |                   | GATED TOMO        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Phase          | `NM Phase         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.14>`__ | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   |                   | 3 is DYNAMIC      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM Reconstruction | `NM               | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Reconstruction    | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.4.15>`__ | 3 is RECON TOMO   |       |
   |                   |                   | or RECON GATED    |       |
   |                   |                   | TOMO              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Overlay           | Overlay           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.5.4.1:

Acquisition Context Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) D shall be used, which
includes description of the cardiovascular rest or stress state.

The Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) shall always apply to all
frames in the Image. Patient State shall always apply to all frames in
the Image, therefore, neither Referenced Frame Numbers (0040,A136) nor
Referenced Frame Number (0008,1160) shall be present.

The Acquisition Context information may be entered during acquisition,
or obtained from the Modality Worklist using information supplied in the
Protocol Context, using .

.. _sect_A.6:

Ultrasound Image IOD
--------------------

.. _sect_A.6.1:

US Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ultrasound (US) Image Information Object Definition specifies an
image that has been created by an ultrasound imaging device.

.. _sect_A.6.2:

US Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.6.3:

US Image IOD Module Table (Retired)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section was defined in a previous version of the DICOM Standard.
The Section is now retired.

.. _sect_A.6.4:

US Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.6-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the US Image
IOD.

.. table:: US Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | C - Required if   |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Photometric       |       |
   |                   | Module            | Interpretation    |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ | (0028,0004) has a |       |
   |                   |                   | value of PALETTE  |       |
   |                   |                   | COLOR             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | US Region         | `US Region        | U                 |       |
   | Calibration       | Calibration       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.5.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | US Image          | `US Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.5.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. For the purpose of conveying ultrasound protocol data management
      information it is recommended that the Performed Protocol Code
      Sequence (0040,0260) be assigned the code value(s) of the
      performed ultrasound protocol, if any. For Performed Protocol Code
      Sequence (0040,0260) B may be used.

   2. The `US Frame of Reference Module <#sect_C.8.5.4>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD, but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2003 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2003/printed/03_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.6.4.1:

Mutually Exclusive IEs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

   A Curve IE was previously included in this IOD that was mutually
   exclusive with the Image IE, but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.7:

Ultrasound Multi-frame Image IOD
--------------------------------

.. _sect_A.7.1:

US Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ultrasound (US) Multi-frame Image Information Object Definition
specifies a Multi-frame image that has been created by an ultrasound
imaging device.

.. _sect_A.7.2:

US Multi-frame Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.7.3:

US Image IOD Module Table (Retired)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section was defined in a previous version of the DICOM Standard.
The Section is now retired.

.. _sect_A.7.4:

US Multi-frame Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.7-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the US
Multi-frame Image IOD.

.. table:: US Multi-frame Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Modality          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | (0008,0060) =     |       |
   |                   |                   | IVUS.             |       |
   |                   |                   |                   |       |
   |                   |                   | May be present    |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image.            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Pointers    | `Frame Pointers   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | C - Required if   |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Photometric       |       |
   |                   | Module            | Interpretation    |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ | (0028,0004) has a |       |
   |                   |                   | value of PALETTE  |       |
   |                   |                   | COLOR             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | US Region         | `US Region        | U                 |       |
   | Calibration       | Calibration       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.5.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | US Image          | `US Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.5.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. For the purpose of conveying ultrasound protocol data management
      information it is recommended that the Performed Protocol Code
      Sequence (0040,0260) be assigned the code value(s) of the
      performed ultrasound protocol, if any. For Performed Protocol Code
      Sequence (0040,0260) B may be used.

   2. The `US Frame of Reference Module <#sect_C.8.5.4>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD, but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2003 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2003/printed/03_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.7.4.1:

Mutually Exclusive IEs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

   A Curve IE was previously included in this IOD that was mutually
   exclusive with the Image IE, but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.8:

Secondary Capture Image IOD
---------------------------

The Secondary Capture (SC) Image Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies images that are converted from a non-DICOM format to a
modality independent DICOM format.

Examples of types of equipment that create Secondary Capture Images
include:

a. Video interfaces that convert an analog video signal into a digital
   image

b. Digital interfaces that are commonly used to transfer non-DICOM
   digital images from an imaging device to a laser printer

c. Film digitizers that convert an analog film image to digital data

d. Workstations that construct images that are encoded as a screen dump

e. Scanned documents and other bitmap images including hand-drawings

f. Synthesized images that are not modality-specific, such as cine-loops
   of 3D reconstructions

Originally, a single, relatively unconstrained, single-frame SC Image
IOD was defined in the DICOM Standard. Though this IOD is retained and
not retired since it is in common use, more specific IODs for particular
categories of application are also defined.

The following IODs are all multi-frame. A single-frame image is encoded
as a multi-frame image with only one frame. The multi-frame SC IODs
consist of:

-  Multi-frame Single Bit Secondary Capture Image IOD

-  Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary Capture Image IOD

-  Multi-frame Grayscale Word Secondary Capture Image IOD

-  Multi-frame True Color Secondary Capture Image IOD

.. _sect_A.8.1:

Secondary Capture Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.8.1.1:

Secondary Capture Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Secondary Capture Image IOD specifies single-frame images that are
converted from a non-DICOM format to a modality independent DICOM
format, without any constraints on pixel data format.

.. note::

   The use of this IOD is deprecated, and other more specific SC Image
   IODs should be used.

.. _sect_A.8.1.2:

Secondary Capture Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.8.1.3:

Secondary Capture Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the SC Image
IOD.

.. table:: Secondary Capture Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | U     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Equipment      | `SC Equipment     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Image          | `SC Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.8.2:

Multi-frame Single Bit Secondary Capture Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.8.2.1:

Multi-frame Single Bit SC Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Multi-frame Single Bit Secondary Capture (SC) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies images that are converted from a
non-DICOM format to a modality independent DICOM format.

This IOD is typically used for scanned documents and bitmap images of
hand drawings.

.. _sect_A.8.2.2:

Multi-frame Single Bit SC Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.8.2.3:

Multi-frame Single Bit SC Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-2>`__ specifies the Modules of the Multi-frame
Single Bit SC Image IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame Single Bit SC Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | U     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Equipment      | `SC Equipment     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Frame Increment   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | Pointer           |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,0009) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame Time        |       |
   |                   |                   | (0018,1063) or    |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame Time Vector |       |
   |                   |                   | (0018,1065)       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Pointers    | `Frame Pointers   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Image          | `SC Image         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Multi-frame    | `SC Multi-frame   | M                 |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Multi-frame    | `SC Multi-frame   | C - Required if   |       |
   | Vector            | Vector            | Number of Frames  |       |
   |                   | Module <          | is greater than 1 |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.8.2.4:

Multi-frame Single Bit SC Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In the `Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, the following constraints
apply:

-  Samples per Pixel (0028,0002) shall be 1

-  Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) shall be MONOCHROME2

-  Bits Allocated (0028,0100) shall be 1

-  Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be 1

-  High Bit (0028,0102) shall be 0

-  Pixel Representation (0028,0103) shall be 0

-  Planar Configuration (0028,0006) shall not be present

.. note::

   As a consequence of these Attribute values, single bit pixels are
   packed eight to a byte as defined by the encoding rules in .

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be present.

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

.. _sect_A.8.3:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary Capture Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.8.3.1:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary Capture (SC) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies Grayscale Byte images that are
converted from a non-DICOM format to a modality independent DICOM
format.

This IOD is typically used for screen captured images for modalities
that have pixel values of 8 bits, but may also be appropriate for
scanned grayscale documents.

.. _sect_A.8.3.2:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.8.3.3:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-3>`__ specifies the Modules of the Multi-frame
Grayscale Byte SC Image IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | U              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Equipment   | `SC Equipment  | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if Pixel       |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Measures or    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Plane Position |
   |                |                |                | (Patient) or   |
   |                |                |                | Plane          |
   |                |                |                | Orientation    |
   |                |                |                | (Patient)      |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group Macros   |
   |                |                |                | Present        |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | U              |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cine           | `Cine          | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if Frame       |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.5>`__ | Increment      |                |
   |                |                | Pointer        |                |
   |                |                | (0028,0009) is |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1063) or |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | Vector         |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1065)    |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame Pointers | `Frame         | U              |                |
   |                | Pointers       |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Image       | `SC Image      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | M              |                |
   | Image          | Multi-frame    |                |                |
   |                | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | C - Required   |                |
   | Vector         | Multi-frame    | if Number of   |                |
   |                | Vector         | Frames is      |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | greater than 1 |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | VOI LUT        | `VOI LUT       | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | if the VOI LUT |                |
   |                | ect_C.11.2>`__ | stage is not   |                |
   |                |                | an identity    |                |
   |                |                | transformation |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.8.3.4:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ is required if the VOI LUT stage
is not an identity transformation. Support for both window and LUT is
mandatory. The output grayscale space is defined to be in P-Values.

.. note::

   If the `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ is absent, then the stored
   pixel values are in P-Values.

In the `Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, the following constraints
apply:

-  Samples per Pixel (0028,0002) shall be 1

-  Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) shall be MONOCHROME2

-  Bits Allocated (0028,0100) shall be 8

-  Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be 8

-  High Bit (0028,0102) shall be 7

-  Pixel Representation (0028,0103) shall be 0

-  Planar Configuration (0028,0006) shall not be present

In the `SC Multi-frame Image Module <#sect_C.8.6.3>`__, the following
constraints apply:

-  Rescale Intercept shall be 0

-  Rescale Slope shall be 1

-  Rescale Type shall be US

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

.. _sect_A.8.3.5:

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-3b>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image
IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame Grayscale Byte SC Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | (Patient) or Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation          |
   |                      |                      | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Orientation    |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.8.4:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word Secondary Capture Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.8.4.1:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Multi-frame Grayscale Word Secondary Capture (SC) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies Grayscale Word images that are
converted from a non-DICOM format to a modality independent DICOM
format.

This IOD is typically used for screen captured images for modalities
that have pixel values greater than 8 bits.

.. _sect_A.8.4.2:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.8.4.3:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-4>`__ specifies the Modules of the Multi-frame
Grayscale Word SC Image IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | U              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Equipment   | `SC Equipment  | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if Pixel       |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Measures or    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Plane Position |
   |                |                |                | (Patient) or   |
   |                |                |                | Plane          |
   |                |                |                | Orientation    |
   |                |                |                | (Patient)      |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group Macros   |
   |                |                |                | Present        |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | U              |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cine           | `Cine          | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if Frame       |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.5>`__ | Increment      |                |
   |                |                | Pointer        |                |
   |                |                | (0028,0009) is |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1063) or |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | Vector         |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1065)    |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame Pointers | `Frame         | U              |                |
   |                | Pointers       |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Image       | `SC Image      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | M              |                |
   | Image          | Multi-frame    |                |                |
   |                | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | C - Required   |                |
   | Vector         | Multi-frame    | if Number of   |                |
   |                | Vector         | Frames is      |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | greater than 1 |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | VOI LUT        | `VOI LUT       | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | if the VOI LUT |                |
   |                | ect_C.11.2>`__ | stage is not   |                |
   |                |                | an identity    |                |
   |                |                | transformation |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.8.4.4:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ is required if the VOI LUT stage
is not an identity transformation. Support for both window and LUT is
mandatory. The output grayscale space is defined to be in P-Values.

.. note::

   If the `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ is absent, then the stored
   pixel values are in P-Values.

In the `Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, the following constraints
apply:

-  Samples per Pixel (0028,0002) shall be 1

-  Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) shall be MONOCHROME2

-  Bits Allocated (0028,0100) shall be 16

-  Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be greater than or equal to 9 and less
   than or equal to 16

-  High Bit (0028,0102) shall be one less than Bits Stored (0028,0101)

-  Pixel Representation (0028,0103) shall be 0

-  Planar Configuration (0028,0006) shall not be present

.. note::

   Rescale Slope and Rescale Intercept are not constrained in this IOD
   to any particular values. E.g., they may be used to recover floating
   point values scaled to the integer range of the stored pixel values,
   Rescale Slope may be less than one, e.g., a Rescale Slope of
   1.0/65535 would allow represent floating point values from 0 to 1.0.

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present. Unused
high bits shall be filled with zeroes.

.. _sect_A.8.4.5:

Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-4b>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image
IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame Grayscale Word SC Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | (Patient) or Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation          |
   |                      |                      | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Orientation    |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.8.5:

Multi-frame True Color Secondary Capture Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.8.5.1:

Multi-frame True Color Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Multi-frame True Color Secondary Capture (SC) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies True Color images that are converted
from a non-DICOM format to a modality independent DICOM format.

This IOD is typically used for screen captured or synthetic images where
true color is used, but may also be appropriate for scanned color
documents.

.. _sect_A.8.5.2:

Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.8.5.3:

Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-5>`__ specifies the Modules of the Multi-frame
True Color SC Image IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if Pixel       |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Measures or    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Plane Position |
   |                |                |                | (Patient) or   |
   |                |                |                | Plane          |
   |                |                |                | Orientation    |
   |                |                |                | (Patient)      |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group Macros   |
   |                |                |                | Present        |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | U              |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | U              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Equipment   | `SC Equipment  | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cine           | `Cine          | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if Frame       |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.5>`__ | Increment      |                |
   |                |                | Pointer        |                |
   |                |                | (0028,0009) is |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1063) or |                |
   |                |                | Frame Time     |                |
   |                |                | Vector         |                |
   |                |                | (0018,1065)    |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame Pointers | `Frame         | U              |                |
   |                | Pointers       |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Image       | `SC Image      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | M              |                |
   | Image          | Multi-frame    |                |                |
   |                | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SC Multi-frame | `SC            | C - Required   |                |
   | Vector         | Multi-frame    | if Number of   |                |
   |                | Vector         | Frames is      |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | greater than 1 |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.6.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | ICC Profile    | `ICC Profile   | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.11.15>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.8.5.4:

Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be present.

In the `Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, the following constraints
apply:

-  Samples per Pixel (0028,0002) shall be 3

-  Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) shall be RGB for uncompressed
   or lossless compressed Transfer Syntaxes that do not have defined
   color space transformations, YBR_ICT for irreversible JPEG 2000
   Transfer Syntaxes, YBR_RCT for reversible JPEG 2000 Transfer
   Syntaxes, YBR_PARTIAL_420 for MPEG2, MPEG-4 AVC/H.264, HEVC/H.265
   Transfer Syntaxes and YBR_FULL_422 for JPEG lossy compressed Transfer
   Syntaxes and YBR_FULL or RGB for RLE Transfer Syntaxes

   .. note::

      Future lossless and lossy Transfer Syntaxes may lead to the need
      for new definitions and choices for Photometric Interpretation.

-  Bits Allocated (0028,0100) shall be 8

-  Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be 8

-  High Bit (0028,0102) shall be 7

-  Pixel Representation (0028,0103) shall be 0

-  Planar Configuration (0028,0006) shall be 0 (color-by-pixel) if
   Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) is RGB

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

For images being referenced as texture maps that are not clinical
images, a modality value of TEXTUREMAP may be used as the value of
Modality (0008,0060).

.. _sect_A.8.5.5:

Multi-frame True Color SC Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.8-5b>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD.

.. table:: Multi-frame True Color SC Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | (Patient) or Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation          |
   |                      |                      | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Orientation    |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Pixel Measures or    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Plane Position       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | (Patient) Macros     |
   |                      |                      | Present              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.9:

Standalone Overlay IOD
----------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.10:

Standalone Curve IOD
--------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.11:

Basic Study Descriptor IOD
--------------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.12:

Standalone Modality LUT IOD
---------------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.13:

Standalone VOI LUT IOD
----------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.14:

X-Ray Angiographic Image IOD
----------------------------

.. _sect_A.14.1:

XA Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines the Information Object for single plane X-Ray
Angiographic Imaging that includes those Attributes and Information
Objects necessary for the interchange of digital X-Ray Angiographic
data. This includes images of the heart and all blood vessels.

The XA IOD share a significant amount of common information with the XRF
IOD. The differences between the two IODs are that the XRF Image IOD
includes a tomography Module; and the two IODs utilize different methods
to specify positioner angles. The XRF Image IOD contains a single column
angulation Data Element that uses an Equipment-Based Coordinate System,
while XA Image IOD c-arm positioner angles are specified in a
Patient-Based Coordinate System. RF applications that support a
Patient-Based Coordinate System with cranial/caudal, LAO/RAO angles may
utilize the XA IOD.

The XA IOD is also applicable to clinical areas other than angiography
(e.g., Interventional Procedures, Myelography, Biopsy/Localization, and
Neurology).

.. note::

   1. For the purpose of X-Ray Angiography (XA), this IOD can be used to
      encode a single-frame image, or a Cine Run encoded in a single
      multi-frame image.

   2. A typical Study might include all the images generated between the
      time a Patient gets on and gets off the procedure table. As
      several separable diagnostic or therapeutic processes may occur
      during a single Study (e.g., pre-intervention CA, left
      ventriculography, and post-intervention CA), a Series may be
      defined as comprising a set of images (single or multi-frame)
      associated with one such process within a Study.

   3. This IOD can be used to encode a single plane acquisition, or one
      plane of a biplane acquisition.

.. _sect_A.14.2:

XA Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.14.3:

XA Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.14-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the XA Image
IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray Angiographic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | pixel data is     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | Multi-frame Cine  |       |
   |                   |                   | data              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | pixel data is     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ | Multi-frame Cine  |       |
   |                   |                   | data              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Pointers    | `Frame Pointers   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Mask              | `Mask             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the Image may be  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.10>`__ | subtracted        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Image       | `X-Ray Image      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Acquisition | `X-Ray            | M                 |       |
   |                   | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Collimator  | `X-Ray Collimator | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Table       | `X-Ray Table      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Image is created  |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.4>`__ | with table        |       |
   |                   |                   | motion, may be    |       |
   |                   |                   | present otherwise |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA Positioner     | `XA Positioner    | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Detector       | `DX Detector      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Overlay           | Overlay           | Overlay data      |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains multiple |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.3>`__ | frames.           |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Pixel Intensity   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ | Relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,1040) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | LOG               |       |
   |                   |                   |                   |       |
   |                   |                   | U - Optional if   |       |
   |                   |                   | Pixel Intensity   |       |
   |                   |                   | Relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,1040) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | DISP              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.15:

X-Ray Angiographic Bi-plane Image Information Object Definition (Retired)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.16:

X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic Image IOD
---------------------------------

.. _sect_A.16.1:

XRF Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic IOD is to address the
requirements for image transfer found in general Radiofluoroscopic
applications performed on a table with a column. For applications
performed on X-Ray RF acquisition systems that support a Patient-Based
Coordinate System with cranial/caudal, LAO/RAO angles, etc. the XA Image
IOD may be used.

.. note::

   An example of a case where the XA IOD may be preferred to the RF IOD
   are RF acquisition system equipped with an X-Ray source and an image
   Receptor positioned by what is generally called a c-arm (e.g.,
   Interventional Procedures, Myelography, Biopsy, and Neurology).

This Section defines the Information Object for X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic
Imaging that includes those Attributes and Information Objects necessary
for the interchange of digital X-Ray RF Image data. The XRF IOD is
applicable to X-Ray acquisition systems equipped with an image receptor
whose plane is parallel to the table plane where the Patient is. This
Table has in general the ability to be tilted. Furthermore the X-Ray
source may be supported by a column that can be angulated to adjust the
incidence of the X-Ray beam on the image receptor plan. An equipment
based coordinated system is used to track these angles.

.. note::

   1. For the purpose of X-Ray Radiofluoroscopy, this IOD can be used to
      encode a single-frame image, or a cine run encoded in a single
      multi-frame image.

   2. A typical Study might include all the images generated between the
      time a Patient gets on and gets off the procedure table. As
      several separable diagnostic or therapeutic processes may occur
      during a single Study, a Series may be defined as comprising a set
      of images (single or multi-frame) associated with one such process
      within a Study.

.. _sect_A.16.2:

X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. note::

   When a Study (or Study Component) contains a number of Multi-frame
   images that do not need to be grouped under different Series, a
   single Series may be used with a Series number containing an
   arbitrary value (e.g., 1).

.. _sect_A.16.3:

X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.16-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the X-Ray
Radiofluoroscopic Image IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray Radiofluoroscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | pixel data is     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | Multi-frame Cine  |       |
   |                   |                   | Data              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | pixel data is     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ | Multi-frame Cine  |       |
   |                   |                   | Data              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Pointers    | `Frame Pointers   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Mask              | `Mask             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the Image may be  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.10>`__ | subtracted        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Image       | `X-Ray Image      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Acquisition | `X-Ray            | M                 |       |
   |                   | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Collimator  | `X-Ray Collimator | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Table       | `X-Ray Table      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XRF Positioner    | `XRF Positioner   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Tomography  | `X-Ray Tomography | C - Required if   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Scan Option       |       |
   |                   | Module <          | (0018,0022) is    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.7>`__ | TOMO              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Detector       | `DX Detector      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Overlay           | Overlay           | Overlay Data      |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains multiple |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.3>`__ | frames            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Pixel Intensity   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ | Relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,1040) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | LOG               |       |
   |                   |                   |                   |       |
   |                   |                   | U - Optional if   |       |
   |                   |                   | Pixel Intensity   |       |
   |                   |                   | Relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,1040) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | DISP              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.17:

RT Image IOD
------------

.. _sect_A.17.1:

RT Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Image IOD (RT Image IOD) is to address
the requirements for image transfer found in general radiotherapy
applications performed on conventional simulators, virtual simulators,
and portal imaging devices. Such images have a conical imaging geometry
and may either be acquired directly from the device, or digitized using
a film digitizer. Numeric beam data parameters may also be recorded with
the image, indicating the parameter values at the time the image was
taken or created.

.. _sect_A.17.2:

RT Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.17.3:

RT Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.17.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Image
IOD.

.. table:: RT Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ | was used in this  |       |
   |                   |                   | image.            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | multi-frame image |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | is a cine image.  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | pixel data is     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ | multi-frame data. |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Image          | `RT Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Approval          | `Approval         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. The inclusion of the Multi-frame Module allows for the expression
      of time-dependent image series or multiple exposures of identical
      beam geometries (i.e., multiple exposure portal images). If a
      time-dependent series of images (such as port images or DRRs) is
      represented the `Cine Module <#sect_C.7.6.5>`__ is used to
      indicate this. This would subsequently allow analysis of Patient
      movement during treatment. Multiple exposure images allow
      individual images of treatment ports and open field ports to be
      grouped into a single multi-frame image.

   2. The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__ has been included to
      allow the possibility of conversion between portal image pixel
      values and dose transmitted through the Patient. The `VOI LUT
      Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ has been included to allow the
      possibility of translation between stored pixel values (after the
      Modality LUT has been applied if specified) and display levels.

   3. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ and `Audio Module
      (Retired) <#sect_C.10.3>`__ were previously included in the Image
      IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

   4. The `General Equipment Module <#sect_C.7.5.1>`__ contains
      information describing the equipment used to acquire or generate
      the RT Image (such as a portal imager, conventional simulator or
      treatment planning system). However, the equipment Attributes in
      the `RT Image Module <#sect_C.8.8.2>`__ describe the equipment on
      which the treatment has been or will be given, typically an
      electron accelerator.

   5. For RT Images that contain no relevant pixel data, such as BEV
      images without DRR information, Pixel Data (7FE0,0010) should be
      filled with a sequence of zeros.

   6. The `Frame of Reference Module <#sect_C.7.4.1>`__ has been
      included to allow the indication of spatial association of two or
      more RT Image Instances (e.g., where the images have been acquired
      in the same Frame of Reference, or have been resampled to share
      the same Frame of Reference). If the Frame of Reference occurs
      within a SOP Instance within a given Series, then all SOP
      Instances within that Series will be spatially related. For
      example, two RT Images may share the same Frame of Reference if
      they are located on the same physical plane, as determined by the
      treatment machine Gantry Angle (300A,011E) and source to image
      plane distance specified by RT Image SID (3002,0026).

.. _sect_A.18:

RT Dose IOD
-----------

.. _sect_A.18.1:

RT Dose IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Dose IOD (RT Dose IOD) is to address the
requirements for transfer of dose distributions calculated by
radiotherapy treatment planning systems. These distributions may be
represented as 2D or 3D grids, as isodose curves, or as named or unnamed
dose points scattered throughout the volume. This IOD may also contain
dose-volume histogram data, single or multi-frame overlays and
application-defined lookup tables. This IOD does not provide for
definition of doses in beam or other coordinate systems. The application
is responsible for transforming data in other, Non-Patient-Based
Coordinate Systems to the Patient-Based Coordinate System described in
`Image Position and Image Orientation <#sect_C.7.6.2.1.1>`__.

.. _sect_A.18.2:

RT Dose IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Dose IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.18.3:

RT Dose IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.18.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Dose
IOD.

.. table:: RT Dose IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | RT Series      | `RT Series     | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.8.8.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | M              |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Dose           | General Image  | `General Image | C - Required   |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ | contains       |
   |                |                |                | grid-based     |
   |                |                |                | doses.         |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Plane    | `Image Plane   | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.2>`__ | contains       |                |
   |                |                | grid-based     |                |
   |                |                | doses.         |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ | contains       |                |
   |                |                | grid-based     |                |
   |                |                | doses.         |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.6>`__ | contains       |                |
   |                |                | grid-based     |                |
   |                |                | doses and      |                |
   |                |                | pixel data is  |                |
   |                |                | multi-frame    |                |
   |                |                | data.          |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Overlay Plane  | `Overlay Plane | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#      |                |                |
   |                | sect_C.9.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Overlay        | Overlay        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#      |                |                |
   |                | sect_C.9.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Modality LUT   | `Modality LUT  | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.11.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | RT Dose        | `RT Dose       | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | RT DVH         | `RT DVH        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Structure Set  | `Structure Set | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.5>`__ | contains dose  |                |
   |                |                | points or      |                |
   |                |                | isodose curves |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | ROI Contour    | `ROI Contour   | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.6>`__ | contains dose  |                |
   |                |                | points or      |                |
   |                |                | isodose curves |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | RT Dose ROI    | `RT Dose ROI   | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | if dose data   |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.7>`__ | contains dose  |                |
   |                |                | points or      |                |
   |                |                | isodose curves |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. note::

   1. Within the RT Dose IOD, the `RT Dose Module <#sect_C.8.8.3>`__
      supports 2D and 3D dose grids. The `Structure Set
      Module <#sect_C.8.8.5>`__, `ROI Contour Module <#sect_C.8.8.6>`__
      and `RT Dose ROI Module <#sect_C.8.8.7>`__ together support
      isodose curves and points, and the `RT DVH
      Module <#sect_C.8.8.4>`__ supports dose-volume histogram data.
      They are not mutually exclusive: all four representations may be
      included in a single Instance of the object or they may be
      included in any combination. Product Conformance Statements should
      clearly state which of these mechanisms is supported and under
      what conditions.

   2. The RT Dose IOD has been defined as a composite IOD, separate from
      the `RT Plan IOD <#sect_A.20>`__. This has been done for the
      following reasons:

      -  to allow for the multiplicity of possible dose calculations
         using beam models for the same basic plan,

      -  to avoid undesirable transmission of large amounts of data with
         the treatment plan, and

      -  to accommodate the fact that CT Simulation and other "beam
         geometry" generating devices that use the `RT Plan
         IOD <#sect_A.20>`__ do not have or require access to this data,
         either for transmission or storage.

   3. The `Audio Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.3>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.19:

RT Structure Set IOD
--------------------

.. _sect_A.19.1:

RT Structure Set IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Structure Set IOD (RT Structure Set IOD)
is to address the requirements for transfer of Patient structures and
related data defined on CT scanners, virtual simulation workstations,
treatment planning systems and similar devices.

.. _sect_A.19.2:

RT Structure Set IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Structure Set IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.19.3:

RT Structure Set IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.19.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT
Structure Set IOD.

.. table:: RT Structure Set IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | RT Series      | `RT Series     | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.8.8.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | U - See note   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | 2.             |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Structure Set  | Structure Set  | `Structure Set | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.8.8.5>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | ROI Contour    | `ROI Contour   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | RT ROI         | `RT ROI        | M              |                |
   | Observations   | Observations   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.8.8>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Approval       | `Approval      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.8.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. note::

   1. The `Audio Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.3>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

   2. Previously the `Frame of Reference Module <#sect_C.7.4.1>`__ was
      not included (see
      `PS3.3-2014b <http://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2014b/output/pdf/part03.pdf>`__).
      Historically, more than one Frame of Reference could be referenced
      within the `Structure Set Module <#sect_C.8.8.5>`__'s Referenced
      Frame of Reference Sequence (3006,0010), in which case the `Frame
      of Reference Module <#sect_C.7.4.1>`__ would not have been
      present.

.. _sect_A.19.4:

RT Structure Set IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Purpose of Reference Code Sequence (0040,A170) within Source
Instance Sequence (0042,0013) in the General Reference Module D shall be
used.

.. _sect_A.20:

RT Plan IOD
-----------

.. _sect_A.20.1:

RT Plan IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Plan IOD (RT Plan IOD) is to address the
requirements for transfer of treatment plans generated by manual entry,
a virtual simulation system, or a treatment planning system before or
during a course of treatment. Such plans may contain fractionation
information, and define external beams and/or brachytherapy application
setups.

.. _sect_A.20.2:

RT Plan IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Plan IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.20.3:

RT Plan IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.20.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Plan
IOD.

.. table:: RT Plan IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Plan              | RT General Plan   | `RT General Plan  | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.9>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Prescription   | `RT Prescription  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Tolerance      | `RT Tolerance     | U                 |       |
   | Tables            | Tables            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Patient Setup  | `RT Patient Setup | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Fraction       | `RT Fraction      | U                 |       |
   | Scheme            | Scheme            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Beams          | `RT Beams         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | `RT Fraction      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.14>`__ | Scheme            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.13>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | exists and Number |       |
   |                   |                   | of Beams          |       |
   |                   |                   | (300A,0080) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | greater than zero |       |
   |                   |                   | for one or more   |       |
   |                   |                   | fraction groups.  |       |
   |                   |                   | Shall not be      |       |
   |                   |                   | present, if `RT   |       |
   |                   |                   | Brachy            |       |
   |                   |                   | Application       |       |
   |                   |                   | Setups            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present. May   |       |
   |                   |                   | be present        |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Brachy         | `RT Brachy        | C - Required if   |       |
   | Application       | Application       | `RT Fraction      |       |
   | Setups            | Setups            | Scheme            |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Module <#         |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.15>`__ | sect_C.8.8.13>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | exists and Number |       |
   |                   |                   | of Brachy         |       |
   |                   |                   | Application       |       |
   |                   |                   | Setups            |       |
   |                   |                   | (300A,00A0) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | greater than zero |       |
   |                   |                   | for one or more   |       |
   |                   |                   | fraction groups.  |       |
   |                   |                   | Shall not be      |       |
   |                   |                   | present, if `RT   |       |
   |                   |                   | Beams             |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.14>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present. May   |       |
   |                   |                   | be present        |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Approval          | `Approval         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. Retired. See
      `PS3.3-2011 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2011/11_03pu.pdf>`__.

   2. The `Audio Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.3>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.20.3.1:

RT Fraction Scheme Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `RT Fraction Scheme Module <#sect_C.8.8.13>`__ is structured to be
used together with the `RT Beams Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__ or `RT
Brachy Application Setups Module <#sect_C.8.8.15>`__. If beams are
referenced in the `RT Fraction Scheme Module <#sect_C.8.8.13>`__, all
such beams shall be included in the `RT Beams Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__
if it is present. Similarly, if brachy application setups are referenced
in the `RT Fraction Scheme Module <#sect_C.8.8.13>`__, all such setups
shall be included in the `RT Brachy Application Setups
Module <#sect_C.8.8.15>`__ if it is present. However, the `RT Fraction
Scheme Module <#sect_C.8.8.13>`__ can be used without the `RT Beams
Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__ or `RT Brachy Application Setups
Module <#sect_C.8.8.15>`__ if no beams or brachy application setups are
referenced, and the `RT Beams Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__ or `RT Brachy
Application Setups Module <#sect_C.8.8.15>`__ can also be used without
the `RT Fraction Scheme Module <#sect_C.8.8.13>`__ if no fraction scheme
information is available.

.. _sect_A.20.3.2:

RT Prescription Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `RT Prescription Module <#sect_C.8.8.10>`__ provides for the
inclusion of dose prescription information pertinent to the complete
plan, which may comprise several fraction schemes, themselves consisting
of many beams.

.. _sect_A.20.3.3:

RT Tolerance Tables Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `RT Tolerance Tables Module <#sect_C.8.8.11>`__ provides information
concerning machine tolerances as they apply to the whole treatment plan.
Tolerances are applied by reference to a tolerance table within the `RT
Tolerance Tables Module <#sect_C.8.8.11>`__ for beams contained within
the `RT Beams Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__.

.. _sect_A.20.3.4:

RT Patient Setup Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `RT Patient Setup Module <#sect_C.8.8.12>`__ provides information
concerning Patient setup parameters and fixation devices as they apply
to the whole treatment plan. Patient setup information within the `RT
Patient Setup Module <#sect_C.8.8.12>`__ is referenced by beams
contained within the `RT Beams Module <#sect_C.8.8.14>`__.

.. _sect_A.21:

Positron Emission Tomography Image IOD
--------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.21.1:

PET Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Image Information Object
Definition specifies an image that has been created by a Positron
Tomograph imaging device, including dedicated PET cameras and Nuclear
Medicine imaging devices operating in coincidence mode. This includes
data created by external detection devices that create images of the
distribution of administered radioactive materials, specifically
positron emitters, in the body. Depending on the specific
radiopharmaceuticals administered and the particular imaging procedure
performed, problems involving changes in metabolism, function, or
physiology can be investigated and various region pathologies can be
studied. For these problems, quantitation of image data in absolute
activity and physiological units is important. In addition, the PET
Image IOD specifies attenuation (transmission) images used for
correction and anatomical reference of emission images.

.. _sect_A.21.2:

PET Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.21.3:

PET Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.21.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the PET Image
IOD.

.. table:: PET Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | PET Series        | `PET Series       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.9.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | PET Isotope       | `PET Isotope      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | PET Multi-gated   | `PET Multi-gated  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Series Type       |       |
   |                   | Module <          | (0054,1000) Value |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.9.3>`__ | 1 is GATED.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | NM/PET Patient    | `NM/PET Patient   | M                 |       |
   | Orientation       | Orientation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.4.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Plane       | `Image Plane      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | PET Image         | `PET Image        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.9.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.21.3.1:

Acquisition Context Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Defined TID for Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) is , which
includes description of the cardiovascular rest or stress state, and the
blood glucose measurement.

The Acquisition Context information may be entered during acquisition,
or obtained from the Modality Worklist using information supplied in the
Protocol Context, using .

.. _sect_A.22:

Standalone PET Curve IOD
------------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.23:

Stored Print IOD
----------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.24:

Hardcopy Grayscale Image IOD
----------------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.25:

Hardcopy Color Image IOD
------------------------

Retired. See
`PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.26:

Digital X-Ray Image IOD
-----------------------

.. _sect_A.26.1:

DX Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Digital X-Ray (DX) Image Information Object Definition specifies an
image that has been created by a digital projection radiography imaging
device.

.. note::

   1. This includes but is not limited to: chest radiography, linear and
      multi-directional tomography, orthopantomography and skeletal
      radiography. Acquisition of image data may include but is not
      limited to: CCD-based sensors, stimulable phosphor imaging plates,
      amorphous selenium, scintillation based amorphous silicon and
      secondary capture of film-based images.

   2. Specific IODs are defined for intra-oral radiography and
      mammography that further specialize the DX IOD.

A DX image shall consist of the result of a single X-Ray exposure, in
order to ensure that the anatomical and orientation Attributes are
meaningful for the image, permitting safe annotation, appropriate image
processing and appropriate dissemination.

.. note::

   1. This requirement specifically deprecates the common film/screen
      and Computed Radiography practice of making multiple exposures on
      different areas of a cassette or plate by using lead occlusion
      between exposures. Such acquisitions could be separated and
      transformed into multiple DX images during an appropriate quality
      assurance step by an operator.

   2. This requirement does not deprecate the acquisition of multiple
      paired structures during a single exposure, provided that they can
      be described by the relevant orientation Attributes. For example,
      an AP or PA projection of both hands side by side is typically
      obtained in a single exposure, and can be described by a Patient
      Orientation (0020,0020) of R\H or L\H since both hands are in the
      same traditional Anatomical Position. See .

The DX Image IOD is used in two SOP Classes as defined in Storage
Service Class, a SOP Class for storage of images intended for
presentation, and a SOP Class for storage of images intended for further
processing before presentation. These are distinguished by their SOP
Class UID and by the Enumerated Value of the mandatory Attribute in the
`DX Series Module <#sect_C.8.11.1>`__, Presentation Intent Type
(0008,0068).

.. _sect_A.26.2:

DX Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.26.3:

DX Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.26-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the DX Image
IOD.

.. table:: Digital X-Ray Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Series         | `DX Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Anatomy Imaged | `DX Anatomy       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Image          | `DX Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Detector       | `DX Detector      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Collimator  | `X-Ray Collimator | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Positioning    | `DX Positioning   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Tomography  | `X-Ray Tomography | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Acquisition | `X-Ray            | U                 |       |
   | Dose              | Acquisition Dose  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Generation  | `X-Ray Generation | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Filtration  | `X-Ray Filtration | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Grid        | `X-Ray Grid       | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | graphic           |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | annotation is     |       |
   |                   |                   | present - See     |       |
   |                   |                   | `Overlay Plane    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_A.26.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ | Intent Type       |       |
   |                   |                   | (0008,0068) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | FOR PRESENTATION. |       |
   |                   |                   | Shall not be      |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise. See    |       |
   |                   |                   | Note 8.           |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Histogram   | `Image Histogram  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M - See           |       |
   | Context           | Context           | `Acquisition      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Context           |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_A.26.5>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. The Overlay Plane requirement is determined by the presence of
      "graphic annotation". Graphic annotation includes user or machine
      drawn graphics or text (such as computer assisted diagnosis) to
      indicate regions of interest or descriptions. It specifically does
      not include Patient or image identification or technique
      information that is defined in other Attributes of the IOD.

   2. The `Device Module <#sect_C.7.6.12>`__ and `Intervention
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.13>`__ are User optional, though it is
      desirable that, if present, they are stored by an SCP. It is
      recognized that in some cases the digital image acquisition system
      will not have a user interface or direct connection that allows
      acquisition of these parameters, even if device or therapy have
      been used.

   3. The `Common Frame of Reference Information Entity
      Modules <#sect_C.7.4>`__, `X-Ray Collimator
      Module <#sect_C.8.7.3>`__, `DX Positioning
      Module <#sect_C.8.11.5>`__ and `X-Ray Tomography Acquisition
      Module <#sect_C.8.7.7>`__ are User optional, though it is
      desirable that, if present, they are stored by an SCP. It is
      recognized that in some cases the parameters of the mechanical
      devices used for collimation, positioning and tomography may not
      be available to a digital image acquisition system that is not
      integrated with the X-Ray generation and positioning system.

   4. The `Image Histogram Module <#sect_C.11.5>`__ may contain a single
      or multiple statistical representations of the pixel data used to
      derive the `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, or intended to be
      used to derive or replace the `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__.
      The `Image Histogram Module <#sect_C.11.5>`__ may contain
      statistics of a subset of the stored image pixel data (such as
      from a cropped area or region of interest that is not the full
      field of view) that are useful for deriving a better VOI LUT than
      might be derived from the statistics obtained from the entire
      stored pixel data.

   5. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

   6. The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ Attributes and behavior are
      further specialized in the `DX Image Module <#sect_C.8.11.3>`__.

   7. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.26.4:

Overlay Plane Module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ is present, any Overlays
defined in that Module shall store the overlay data in Overlay Data
(60xx,3000), and not any unused high bits in Pixel Data (7FE0,0010).

.. _sect_A.26.5:

Acquisition Context Module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The `Acquisition Context Module <#sect_C.7.6.14>`__ may be used to
encode information about conditions present during acquisition that are
not described by specific Attributes in other Modules of the IOD.

The Baseline TID shall be .

.. _sect_A.27:

Digital Mammography X-Ray Image IOD
-----------------------------------

.. _sect_A.27.1:

Digital Mammography X-Ray Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Digital Mammography X-Ray Image Information Object Definition
specifies an image that has been created by a digital mammography
projection radiography imaging device.

.. note::

   It meets all of the requirements of the DX IOD in `Digital X-Ray
   Image IOD <#sect_A.26>`__ in addition to those specified in this
   section.

The Digital Mammography Image IOD is used in two SOP Classes as defined
in Storage Service Class, a SOP Class for storage of images intended for
presentation, and a SOP Class for storage of images intended for further
processing before presentation. These are distinguished by their SOP
Class UID and by the Enumerated Value of the mandatory Attribute in the
`DX Series Module <#sect_C.8.11.1>`__, Presentation Intent Type
(0008,0068).

.. _sect_A.27.2:

Digital Mammography X-Ray Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.27.3:

Digital Mammography X-Ray Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.27-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Digital
Mammography X-Ray Image IOD.

.. table:: Digital Mammography X-Ray Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | DX Series      | `DX Series     | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Mammography    | `Mammography   | M              |                |
   | Series         | Series         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if multiple    |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | images are     |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | obtained       |
   |                |                |                | without        |
   |                |                |                | releasing      |
   |                |                |                | breast         |
   |                |                |                | compression    |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus | `              | U              |                |
   |                | Contrast/Bolus |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Display        | `Display       | U              |                |
   | Shutter        | Shutter        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.11>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Intervention   | `Intervention  | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.13>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | DX Anatomy     | `DX Anatomy    | M              |                |
   | Imaged         | Imaged         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | DX Image       | `DX Image      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | DX Detector    | `DX Detector   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Collimator     | Collimator     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.7.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | DX Positioning | `DX            | U              |                |
   |                | Positioning    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.5>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Tomography     | Tomography     |                |                |
   | Acquisition    | Acquisition    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.7.7>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Acquisition    | Acquisition    |                |                |
   | Dose           | Dose           |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.7.8>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Generation     | Generation     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.8.7.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Filtration     | Filtration     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.7.10>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray Grid     | `X-Ray Grid    | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.7.11>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Mammography    | `Mammography   | M              |                |
   | Image          | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.11.7>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Overlay Plane  | `Overlay Plane | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#      | if graphic     |                |
   |                | sect_C.9.2>`__ | annotation is  |                |
   |                |                | present - See  |                |
   |                |                | `Digital       |                |
   |                |                | Mammography    |                |
   |                |                | X-Ray Image    |                |
   |                |                | IOD Module     |                |
   |                |                | Table <#s      |                |
   |                |                | ect_A.27.3>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | VOI LUT        | `VOI LUT       | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | if             |                |
   |                | ect_C.11.2>`__ | Presentation   |                |
   |                |                | Intent Type    |                |
   |                |                | (0008,0068) is |                |
   |                |                | FOR            |                |
   |                |                | PRESENTATION.  |                |
   |                |                | Shall not be   |                |
   |                |                | present        |                |
   |                |                | otherwise.     |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | `Image         | U              |                |
   | Histogram      | Histogram      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.11.5>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. note::

   1. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

   2. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.27.4:

Overlay Plane Module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ is present, any Overlays
defined in that Module shall store the overlay data in Overlay Data
(60xx,3000), and not any unused high bits in Pixel Data (7FE0,0010).

.. _sect_A.28:

Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD
----------------------------------

.. _sect_A.28.1:

Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image Information Object Definition
specifies an image that has been created by an intra-oral projection
radiography imaging device.

.. note::

   It meets all of the requirements of the DX IOD in `Digital X-Ray
   Image IOD <#sect_A.26>`__ in addition to those specified in this
   section.

The Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD is used in two SOP Classes as
defined in Storage Service Class, a SOP Class for storage of images
intended for presentation, and a SOP Class for storage of images
intended for further processing before presentation. These are
distinguished by their SOP Class UID and by the Enumerated Value of the
mandatory Attribute in the `DX Series Module <#sect_C.8.11.1>`__,
Presentation Intent Type (0008,0068).

.. _sect_A.28.2:

Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.28.3:

Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.28-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Digital
Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD.

.. table:: Digital Intra-Oral X-Ray Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Series         | `DX Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intra-Oral Series | `Intra-Oral       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Anatomy Imaged | `DX Anatomy       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Image          | `DX Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Detector       | `DX Detector      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Collimator  | `X-Ray Collimator | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Positioning    | `DX Positioning   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Tomography  | `X-Ray Tomography | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Acquisition | `X-Ray            | U                 |       |
   | Dose              | Acquisition Dose  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Generation  | `X-Ray Generation | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Filtration  | `X-Ray Filtration | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Grid        | `X-Ray Grid       | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intra-Oral Image  | `Intra-Oral Image | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | graphic           |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | annotation is     |       |
   |                   |                   | present - See     |       |
   |                   |                   | `Digital          |       |
   |                   |                   | Intra-Oral X-Ray  |       |
   |                   |                   | Image IOD Module  |       |
   |                   |                   | Table             |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_A.28.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VOI LUT           | `VOI LUT          | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.2>`__ | Intent Type       |       |
   |                   |                   | (0008,0068) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | FOR PRESENTATION. |       |
   |                   |                   | Shall not be      |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Histogram   | `Image Histogram  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   1. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      included in this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

   2. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.28.4:

Overlay Plane Module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ is present, any Overlays
defined in that Module shall store the overlay data in Overlay Data
(60xx,3000), and not any unused high bits in Pixel Data (7FE0,0010).

.. _sect_A.29:

RT Beams Treatment Record IOD
-----------------------------

.. _sect_A.29.1:

RT Beams Treatment Record IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Beams Treatment Record IOD (RT Beams
Treatment Record IOD) is to address the requirements for transfer of
treatment session reports generated by a treatment verification system
during a course of external beam treatment, with optional cumulative
summary information. It may also be used for transfer of treatment
information during delivery.

.. _sect_A.29.2:

RT Beams Treatment Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Treatment Record IE below the
Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.29.3:

RT Beams Treatment Record IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.29.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Beams
Treatment Record IOD.

.. table:: RT Beams Treatment Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Treatment Record  | RT General        | `RT General       | M     |
   |                   | Treatment Record  | Treatment Record  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.17>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Patient Setup  | `RT Patient Setup | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | M                 |       |
   | Machine Record    | Machine Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measured Dose     | `Measured Dose    | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Calculated Dose   | `Calculated Dose  | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Beams Session  | `RT Beams Session | M                 |       |
   | Record            | Record            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.21>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | U                 |       |
   | Summary Record    | Summary Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.30:

RT Brachy Treatment Record IOD
------------------------------

.. _sect_A.30.1:

RT Brachy Treatment Record IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Brachy Treatment Record IOD (RT Brachy
Treatment Record IOD) is to address the requirements for transfer of
treatment session reports generated by a treatment verification system
during a course of Brachytherapy treatment, with optional cumulative
summary information. It may also be used for transfer of treatment
information during delivery.

.. _sect_A.30.2:

RT Brachy Treatment Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Treatment Record IE below the
Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.30.3:

RT Brachy Treatment Record IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.30.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Brachy
Treatment Record IOD.

.. table:: RT Brachy Treatment Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Treatment Record  | RT General        | `RT General       | M     |
   |                   | Treatment Record  | Treatment Record  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.17>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Patient Setup  | `RT Patient Setup | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | M                 |       |
   | Machine Record    | Machine Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measured Dose     | `Measured Dose    | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Calculated Dose   | `Calculated Dose  | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Brachy Session | `RT Brachy        | M                 |       |
   | Record            | Session Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | U                 |       |
   | Summary Record    | Summary Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.31:

RT Treatment Summary Record IOD
-------------------------------

.. _sect_A.31.1:

RT Treatment Summary Record IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Treatment Summary Record IOD (RT
Treatment Summary Record IOD) is to address the requirements for
transfer of cumulative summary information, normally generated at the
completion of a course of treatment.

.. _sect_A.31.2:

RT Treatment Summary Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Treatment Record IE below the
Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.31.3:

RT Treatment Summary Record IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.31.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT
Treatment Summary Record IOD.

.. table:: RT Treatment Summary Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Treatment Record  | RT General        | `RT General       | M     |
   |                   | Treatment Record  | Treatment Record  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.17>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | M                 |       |
   | Summary Record    | Summary Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously included
   in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.32:

Visible Light Image Information Object Definitions
--------------------------------------------------

The Visible Light (VL) Image Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies images that are acquired by means of a camera or other sensors
that are sensitive to visible or near-visible light.

Examples of types of equipment that create Visible Light Images include:

a. Rigid and flexible endoscopy equipment

b. Operation microscopes / colposcopes

c. Ophthalmology equipment

d. Digital or Video Cameras

e. Analysis microscopes

Separate IODs have been defined for specialized applications. Some
support only single-frame images, some support both single-frame and
multi-frame video images.

.. _sect_A.32.1:

VL Endoscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.1.1:

VL Endoscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The VL Endoscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of Single-frame VL
Endoscopic Images.

.. _sect_A.32.1.2:

VL Endoscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. An endoscopic procedure might include multiple Series of
      single-frame endoscopic images as well as one or more additional
      Series of related diagnostic images. The procedure might involve
      multiple Performed Procedure Steps, multiple endoscopes, and
      multiple anatomic regions and might be supervised, performed,
      and/or interpreted by one or more individuals.

   2. Several distinct diagnostic or therapeutic processes might occur
      during an endoscopic procedure. For example: Endoscopic
      examination of duodenal mucosa, biopsy, lavage, or biliary stone
      removal.

   3. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

.. table:: VL Endoscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.1.3:

VL Endoscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.1.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ES.

.. _sect_A.32.2:

VL Microscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.2.1:

VL Microscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The VL Microscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of Single-frame VL
Microscopic Images, including both imaging of specimens and direct
microscopic imaging of the Patient (e.g., perioperative microscopy).
Microscopic Images with Slide Coordinates shall not be encoded with this
IOD.

.. _sect_A.32.2.2:

VL Microscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

   2. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. table:: VL Microscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Imaging Subject   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | is a specimen     |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Optical Path      | `Optical Path     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.2.3:

VL Microscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.2.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be GM.

.. _sect_A.32.3:

VL Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.3.1:

VL Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The VL Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes
of VL single frame Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Images.

.. _sect_A.32.3.2:

VL Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. note::

   1. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

   2. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

   3. The Frame of Reference IE was previously (incorrectly) identified
      as not used in this IOD, although the `Frame of Reference
      Module <#sect_C.7.4.1>`__ was specified as Mandatory. See
      PS3.3-2009.

.. table:: VL Slide-Coordinates Microscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Slide Coordinates | `Slide            | M                 |       |
   |                   | Coordinates       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Optical Path      | `Optical Path     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.3.3:

VL Slide-coordinates Microscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.3.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be SM.

.. _sect_A.32.4:

VL Photographic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.4.1:

VL Photographic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The VL Photographic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of VL
Single-frame photographic Images.

.. _sect_A.32.4.2:

VL Photographic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

   2. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. table:: VL Photographic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Photographic   | `VL Photographic  | U                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.12.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Imaging Subject   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | is a specimen     |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Photographic   | `VL Photographic  | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.12.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Photographic   | `VL Photographic  | U                 |       |
   | Geolocation       | Geolocation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.12.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.4.3:

VL Photographic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.4.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be XC.

.. _sect_A.32.4.3.2:

Anatomic Region Sequence
''''''''''''''''''''''''

For dermatology applications:

-  For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) B may be used.

-  For Anatomic Region Modifier Sequence (0008,2220) B may be used.

.. _sect_A.32.5:

Video Endoscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.5.1:

Video Endoscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Video Endoscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of Multi-frame
Video Endoscopic Images.

.. _sect_A.32.5.2:

Video Endoscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. The video may include audio channel(s) for acquiring Patient voice
      or physiological sounds, healthcare professionals' commentary, or
      environmental sounds.

   2. The `Frame Pointers Module <#sect_C.7.6.9>`__ has not been
      included because the selection of relevant sub-sequence(s) is
      usually made in a second workflow step and stored into separate
      Key Object Selection Documents.

   3. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

.. table:: Video Endoscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the Imaging       |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | Subject is a      |       |
   |                   |                   | Specimen          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.5.3:

Video Endoscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.5.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ES.

.. note::

   The use of a single value for Modality recognizes the fact that the
   same acquisition equipment is often used for different purposes
   (e.g., laparoscopy and colonoscopy). This means that Modality is not
   useful to distinguish one type of endoscopy from another when
   browsing a collection of Studies. Therefore, the use of Procedure
   Code Sequence (0008,1032) and Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) in
   the Image Instances and in the query response is recommended, though
   gathering sufficient information to populate these Attributes in an
   unscheduled workflow environment (i.e., in the absence of Modality
   Worklist) may require operator intervention.

.. _sect_A.32.5.3.2:

Image Related Data Encoding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, `Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__
and `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously include
   in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has been
   retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See
   PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.32.5.3.3:

Anatomic Region Sequence
''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.32.6:

Video Microscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.6.1:

Video Microscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Video Microscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of Video
Microscopic Images, including both imaging of specimens and direct
microscopic imaging of the Patient (e.g., perioperative microscopy).
Microscopic Images with Slide Coordinates shall not be encoded with this
IOD.

.. _sect_A.32.6.2:

Video Microscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. The video may include audio channel for acquiring Patient voice or
      physiological sounds, healthcare professionals comment, or
      environment sounds.

   2. The `Frame Pointers Module <#sect_C.7.6.9>`__ has not been
      included because the selection of relevant sub-sequence(s) is
      usually made in a second step and stored into separate Key Object
      Selection Documents.

   3. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

   4. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. table:: Video Microscopic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the Imaging       |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | Subject is a      |       |
   |                   |                   | Specimen          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.6.3:

Video Microscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.6.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be GM.

.. _sect_A.32.6.3.2:

Image Related Data Encoding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, `Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__
and `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously include
   in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has been
   retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See
   PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.32.7:

Video Photographic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.7.1:

Video Photographic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Video Photographic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of VL
Multi-frame photographic Images.

.. _sect_A.32.7.2:

Video Photographic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. note::

   1. The video may include audio channel for acquiring Patient voice or
      physiological sounds, healthcare professionals comment, or
      environment sounds.

   2. The `Frame Pointers Module <#sect_C.7.6.9>`__ has not been
      included because the selection of relevant sub-sequence(s) is
      usually made in a second step and stored into separate Key Object
      Selection Documents.

   3. The Curve entity was previously include in the list of entities
      that are not used, but has been retired from DICOM. It is still
      not used in this IOD. See PS3.3-2004.

   4. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. table:: Video Photographic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the Imaging       |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | Subject is a      |       |
   |                   |                   | Specimen          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | VL Image          | `VL Image         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.7.3:

Video Photographic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.32.7.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be XC.

.. _sect_A.32.7.3.2:

Image Related Data Encoding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, `Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__
and `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously include
   in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has been
   retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See
   PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.32.8:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.8.1:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD specifies the Attributes of a
multi-frame visible light whole slide microscopy image encoded as a
tiled decomposition. Each frame encodes a single tile within a
three-dimensional imaged volume at a uniform resolution.

.. note::

   An entire set of tiles for an acquisition may be encoded in the
   frames of a single SOP Instance, in multiple SOP Instances of a
   single concatenation, or in multiple SOP Instances in a Series (with
   or without concatenations). E.g., a single SOP Instance may contain
   an entire low resolution image as a single tile (single frame), or a
   single SOP Instance may contain an entire high resolution,
   multi-focal depth, multi-spectral acquisition (multiple frames).

.. _sect_A.32.8.2:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.32.8.3:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.32.8-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the VL Whole
Slide Microscopy Image IOD.

.. table:: VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Whole Slide       | `Whole Slide      | M                 |       |
   | Microscopy Series | Microscopy Series |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Whole Slide       | `Whole Slide      | M                 |       |
   | Microscopy Image  | Microscopy Image  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Optical Path      | `Optical Path     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-Resolution  | `Multi-Resolution | C - Required if   |       |
   | Navigation        | Navigation        | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.7>`__ | 3 is LOCALIZER    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Slide Label       | `Slide Label      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.12.8>`__ | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   |                   | 3 is LABEL; may   |       |
   |                   |                   | be present        |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise         |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.32.8.3.1:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.32.8.3.1.1:

Optical Path Module
                   

The Code Sequences within the Optical Path Sequence (0048,0105) of the
`Optical Path Module <#sect_C.8.12.5>`__ (see `Optical Path
Module <#sect_C.8.12.5>`__) are constrained as follows:

-  For Illuminator Type Code Sequence (0048,0100) B may be used.

-  For Illumination Color Code Sequence (0048,0108) B may be used.

-  For Illumination Type Code Sequence (0022,0016) B may be used.

-  For Lenses Code Sequence (0022,0019) B may be used.

-  For Light Path Filter Type Stack Code Sequence (0022,0017) and for
   Image Path Filter Type Stack Code Sequence (0022,0018) B may be used.

-  For Channel Description Code Sequence (0022,001A) B may be used.

.. _sect_A.32.8.4:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.32.8-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image IOD.

.. table:: VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M - Shall be used as |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | a Shared Functional  |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | Group.               |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | U - Shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U - May be used only |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              | if Photometric       |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Interpretation       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ | (0028,0004) is       |
   |                      |                      | MONOCHROME2.         |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Slide)              | (Slide)              | Dimension            |
   |                      | Macro <              | Organization Type    |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.12.6.1>`__ | (0020,9311) is not   |
   |                      |                      | TILED_FULL; may be   |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Optical Path         | `Optical Path        | C - Required if      |
   | Identification       | Identification       | Dimension            |
   |                      | Macro <              | Organization Type    |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.12.6.2>`__ | (0020,9311) is not   |
   |                      |                      | TILED_FULL; may be   |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Specimen Reference   | `Specimen Reference  | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.12.6.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Whole Slide          | `Whole Slide         | M - Shall be used as |
   | Microscopy Image     | Microscopy Image     | a Shared Functional  |
   | Frame Type           | Frame Type           | Group.               |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.12.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   The Plane Position (Slide) and Optical Path Identification Macros are
   Type C, which allows the Per-Frame Functional Group Sequence
   (5200,9230) to be entirely omitted in those cases in which there are
   no other Per-Frame Functional Group Macros with content (i.e., the
   Frame Content Macro is empty or absent).

.. _sect_A.32.8.4.1:

VL Whole Slide Microscopy Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.32.8.4.1.1:

Referenced Image
                

For Purpose of Reference Code Sequence (0040,A170) in the Referenced
Image Functional Group D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.32.8.4.1.2:

Plane Position (Slide)
                      

Frames shall occupy plane positions in a regular tiling of the Total
Image Matrix; the frames may extend beyond the edges of the Total Image
Matrix. Therefore, the value of Column Position In Total Pixel Matrix
(0048,021E) shall be an integer multiple of the value of Columns
(0028,0011) plus a constant, and the value of Row Position In Total
Pixel Matrix (0048,021F) shall be an integer multiple of the value of
Rows (0028,0010) plus a (possibly different) constant.

.. note::

   Pixels beyond the edge of the Total Image Matrix may be encoded with
   a fixed padding value. For images with MONOCHROME2 Photometric
   Interpretation, see Pixel Padding Value (0028,0120) in `Pixel Padding
   Value and Pixel Padding Range Limit <#sect_C.7.5.1.1.2>`__.

The encoding of tiles may be sparse; i.e., some tiles may not be encoded
in frames. There are no constraints on the ordering of frames within the
pixel data; each frame specifies its position in the Plane Position
(Slide) Functional Group.

.. note::

   Different SOP Instances within a Series may have different tiling
   boundaries and sizes.

Frames associated with different optical paths may coincide in any
spatial dimension.

.. _sect_A.32.9:

Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.9.1:

Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD specifies the Attributes of
Multi-frame Video Endoscopic Images transmitted in real-time.

.. _sect_A.32.9.2:

Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE and Frame of Reference IE
below the Series IE.

.. table:: Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if multiple    |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Instances are  |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | spatially      |
   |                |                |                | related or if  |
   |                |                |                | the Camera     |
   |                |                |                | Position       |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group Macro is |
   |                |                |                | present in the |
   |                |                |                | Current Frame  |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Groups Module  |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | M              |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Real-Time Bulk | `Real-Time     | M              |                |
   | Data Flow      | Bulk Data Flow |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.26>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | if the Imaging |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ | Subject is a   |                |
   |                |                | Specimen       |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | VL Image       | `VL Image      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | ICC Profile    | `ICC Profile   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.11.15>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | M              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Real-Time      | `Real-Time     | M              |                |
   | Acquisition    | Acquisition    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.28>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Current Frame  | `Current Frame | M              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.27>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.32.9.3:

Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The IOD shall not include audio. Captured patient voice or physiological
sounds, healthcare professionals' commentary, or environmental sounds
will be transported in a separate IOD.

.. _sect_A.32.9.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ES.

.. note::

   The use of a single value for Modality recognizes the fact that the
   same acquisition equipment is often used for different purposes
   (e.g., laparoscopy and colonoscopy). This means that Modality is not
   useful to distinguish one type of endoscopy from another when
   browsing a collection of studies. Therefore, the use of Procedure
   Code Sequence (0008,1032) and Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) in
   the Image Instances and in the query response is recommended, though
   gathering sufficient information to populate these attributes in an
   unscheduled workflow environment (i.e.; in the absence of Modality
   Worklist) may require operator intervention.

.. _sect_A.32.9.3.2:

Image Related Data Encoding
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, `Volumetric Graphic Annotation
Module <#sect_C.11.28>`__ and `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__
shall not be present.

.. _sect_A.32.9.3.3:

Anatomic Region Sequence
''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.32.9.3.4:

Current Frame Functional Groups
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Current Frame Functional Groups Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ shall be
placed in the dynamic part of the RTP Payload.

`table_title <#table_A.32.9-2>`__ specifies the Functional Group Macros
included in the `Current Frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ for the Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image IOD.

.. table:: Real-Time Video Endoscopic Image Functional Groups Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Time of Frame        | `Time of Frame       | M - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.29>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Usefulness     | `Frame Usefulness    | U - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.27>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Camera Position      | `Camera Position     | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.28>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.32.9.3.5:

Time Distribution Protocol
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Time Distribution Protocol (0018,1802) of the `Synchronization
Module <#sect_C.7.4.2>`__ shall be set to "PTP".

.. _sect_A.32.10:

Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.32.10.1:

Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD specifies Multi-frame
photographic Images, transmitted in real-time.

.. _sect_A.32.10.2:

Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. note::

   The `Frame Pointers Module <#sect_C.7.6.9>`__ is included to managed
   the temporal synchronization with the video signal the IOD is
   referring, and optionally the spatial reference if each frame
   information contains a spatial position.

.. table:: Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if multiple    |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Instances are  |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | spatially      |
   |                |                |                | related or if  |
   |                |                |                | the Camera     |
   |                |                |                | Position       |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group Module   |
   |                |                |                | is present in  |
   |                |                |                | the Current    |
   |                |                |                | Frame          |
   |                |                |                | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Groups Module  |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | M              |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Real-Time Bulk | `Real-Time     | M              |                |
   | Data Flow      | Bulk Data Flow |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.26>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | if the Imaging |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ | Subject is a   |                |
   |                |                | Specimen       |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | VL Image       | `VL Image      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | ICC Profile    | `ICC Profile   | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.11.15>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | M              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   |                | Real-Time      | `Real-Time     | M              |
   |                | Acquisition    | Acquisition    |                |
   |                |                | Module <#sec   |                |
   |                |                | t_C.7.6.28>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   |                | Current Frame  | `Current Frame | M              |
   |                | Functional     | Functional     |                |
   |                | Groups         | Groups         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#sec   |                |
   |                |                | t_C.7.6.27>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.32.10.3:

Real-Time Video Photographic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The IOD shall not include audio. Captured patient voice or physiological
sounds, healthcare professionals' commentary, or environmental sounds
will be transported in a separate IOD.

.. _sect_A.32.10.3.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be XC.

.. _sect_A.32.10.3.2:

Image Related Data Encoding
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__, `Volumetric Graphic Annotation
Module <#sect_C.11.28>`__ and `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__
shall not be present.

.. _sect_A.32.10.3.3:

Current Frame Functional Groups
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Current Frame Functional Groups Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ shall be
placed in the dynamic part of the RTP Payload.

`table_title <#table_A.32.10-2>`__ specifies the Functional Group Macros
included in the `Current Frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ for the Real-Time Video Photographic Image
IOD.

.. table:: Real-Time Video Photographic Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Time of Frame        | `Time of Frame       | M - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.29>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Usefulness     | `Frame Usefulness    | U - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.27>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Camera Position      | `Camera Position     | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.28>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.32.10.3.4:

Time Distribution Protocol
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Time Distribution Protocol (0018,1802) of the `Synchronization
Module <#sect_C.7.4.2>`__ shall be set to "PTP".

.. _sect_A.33:

Softcopy Presentation State Information Object Definitions
----------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.33.1:

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.1.1:

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies information that may be used to present (display) images
that are referenced from within the IOD.

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. the output grayscale space in P-Values

b. grayscale contrast transformations including modality and VOI LUT

c. mask subtraction for multi-frame images

d. selection of the area of the image to display and whether to rotate
   or flip it

e. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

.. note::

   This IOD does not support presentation control for a set of images
   for which the modality LUT varies on a frame-by-frame basis. Other
   Presentation State IODs (standard or private) may support such
   images.

.. _sect_A.33.1.2:

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.1.3:

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Grayscale
Softcopy Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Shutter     | State Shutter     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Mask        | State Mask        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Mask              | `Mask             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the referenced    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.10>`__ | image(s) are      |       |
   |                   |                   | multi-frame and   |       |
   |                   |                   | are to be         |       |
   |                   |                   | subtracted        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   |                   | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bitmap Display    | `Bitmap Display   | C - Required if a |       |
   | Shutter           | Shutter           | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Display Shutter  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Overlay is to be  |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) or the   |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay           | `Overlay          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Activation        | Activation        | referenced image  |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains overlay  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.7>`__ | data that is to   |       |
   |                   |                   | be displayed or   |       |
   |                   |                   | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | State Instance    |       |
   |                   |                   | contains Overlay  |       |
   |                   |                   | data other than   |       |
   |                   |                   | Bitmap Shutter    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | Module            | Annotations are   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation or       |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping are to   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | be applied to     |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotations or    |       |
   |                   |                   | Overlays or       |       |
   |                   |                   | Curves are to be  |       |
   |                   |                   | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module            | Modality LUT is   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Softcopy VOI LUT  | `Softcopy VOI LUT | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module            | VOI LUT is to be  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.8>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Softcopy          | `Softcopy         | M                 |       |
   | Presentation LUT  | Presentation LUT  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

In the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD, the `Presentation
Series Module <#sect_C.11.9>`__ specializes some Attributes of the
`General Series Module <#sect_C.7.3.1>`__, the `Presentation State Mask
Module <#sect_C.11.13>`__ specializes some Attributes of the `Mask
Module <#sect_C.7.6.10>`__, and the `Presentation State Shutter
Module <#sect_C.11.12>`__ specializes some Attributes of the `Bitmap
Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.15>`__ and `Display Shutter
Module <#sect_C.7.6.11>`__.

.. note::

   1. Subtraction between different images is not supported.

   2. The `Mask Module <#sect_C.7.6.10>`__ condition implies that it
      need not be supported by an SCP that supports presentation states
      only for single-frame image storage SOP Classes, or Instances of
      multi-frame image Storage SOP Classes that contain only one frame.

   3. The Display Shutter may be used to darken image areas that
      surround important information and exclude extraneous bright areas
      that increase glare and ambient lighting impairing image
      interpretation. For example, unexposed areas in a CR image might
      be obscured using the Display Shutter, rather than permanently
      replacing image pixels in those areas.

   4. This IOD does not support the storage of a multi-frame overlay in
      the IOD itself, but does support selective activation of
      multi-frame overlays within the referenced images via the `Overlay
      Activation Module <#sect_C.11.7>`__.

.. _sect_A.33.2:

Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.2.1:

Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Color Softcopy Presentation State Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies information that may be used to present (display) color
images that are referenced from within the IOD.

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. the output color space in PCS-Values

b. color transformations from device-dependent color to PCS-Values using
   an ICC profile

c. selection of the area of the image to display and whether to rotate
   or flip it

d. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

.. _sect_A.33.2.2:

Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.2.3:

Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Color
Softcopy Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Shutter     | State Shutter     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   |                   | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bitmap Display    | `Bitmap Display   | C - Required if a |       |
   | Shutter           | Shutter           | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Display Shutter  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Overlay is to be  |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) or the   |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay           | `Overlay          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Activation        | Activation        | referenced image  |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains overlay  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.7>`__ | data that is to   |       |
   |                   |                   | be displayed or   |       |
   |                   |                   | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | State Instance    |       |
   |                   |                   | contains Overlay  |       |
   |                   |                   | data other than   |       |
   |                   |                   | Bitmap Shutter    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | Module            | Annotations are   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation,         |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping or       |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | magnification are |       |
   |                   |                   | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotations or    |       |
   |                   |                   | Overlays or       |       |
   |                   |                   | Curves are to be  |       |
   |                   |                   | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

In the Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD, the `Presentation Series
Module <#sect_C.11.9>`__ specializes some Attributes of the `General
Series Module <#sect_C.7.3.1>`__, and the `Presentation State
Relationship Module <#sect_C.11.11>`__ specializes some Attributes of
the `Bitmap Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.15>`__ and `Display
Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.11>`__.

.. _sect_A.33.3:

Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.3.1:

Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Pseudo-Color Softcopy Presentation State Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies information that may be used to present
(display) images that are referenced from within the IOD.

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. the output color space in PCS-Values

b. grayscale contrast transformations including modality and VOI LUT

c. a color palette to map the transformed grayscale values into
   pseudo-color

d. mask subtraction for multi-frame images

e. selection of the area of the image to display and whether to rotate
   or flip it

f. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

.. note::

   This IOD does not support presentation control for a set of images
   for which the modality LUT varies on a frame-by-frame basis. Other
   Presentation State IODs (standard or private) may support such
   images.

.. _sect_A.33.3.2:

Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.3.3:

Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Pseudo-Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Shutter     | State Shutter     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Mask        | State Mask        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Mask              | `Mask             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the referenced    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.10>`__ | image(s) are      |       |
   |                   |                   | multi-frame and   |       |
   |                   |                   | are to be         |       |
   |                   |                   | subtracted        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Display Shutter   | `Display Shutter  | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   |                   | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bitmap Display    | `Bitmap Display   | C - Required if a |       |
   | Shutter           | Shutter           | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Display Shutter  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.11>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Overlay is to be  |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) or the   |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay           | `Overlay          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Activation        | Activation        | referenced image  |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains overlay  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.7>`__ | data that is to   |       |
   |                   |                   | be displayed or   |       |
   |                   |                   | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | State Instance    |       |
   |                   |                   | contains Overlay  |       |
   |                   |                   | data other than   |       |
   |                   |                   | Bitmap Shutter    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | Module            | Annotations are   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation or       |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping are to   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | be applied to     |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotations or    |       |
   |                   |                   | Overlays or       |       |
   |                   |                   | Curves are to be  |       |
   |                   |                   | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Modality LUT      | `Modality LUT     | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module            | Modality LUT is   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.1>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Softcopy VOI LUT  | `Softcopy VOI LUT | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module            | VOI LUT is to be  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.8>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | M                 |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

In the Pseudo-Color Softcopy Presentation State IOD, the `Presentation
Series Module <#sect_C.11.9>`__ specializes some Attributes of the
`General Series Module <#sect_C.7.3.1>`__, the `Presentation State Mask
Module <#sect_C.11.13>`__ specializes some Attributes of the `Mask
Module <#sect_C.7.6.10>`__, and the `Presentation State Shutter
Module <#sect_C.11.12>`__ specializes some Attributes of the `Bitmap
Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.15>`__ and `Display Shutter
Module <#sect_C.7.6.11>`__.

The `Softcopy Presentation LUT Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be
present in this IOD.

.. _sect_A.33.4:

Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.4.1:

Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Blending Softcopy Presentation State Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies information that may be used to blend two sets of images
that are referenced from within the IOD for the purpose of presentation
(display).

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. the output color space in PCS-Values

b. grayscale contrast transformations including modality and VOI LUT for
   both the underlying and superimposed image sets

c. a color palette to map the transformed grayscale values of the
   superimposed image set into pseudo-color

d. selection of the area of the blended images to display and whether to
   rotate or flip it

e. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

.. note::

   This IOD does not support presentation control for a set of images
   for which the modality LUT varies on a frame-by-frame basis. Other
   Presentation State IODs (standard or private) may support such
   images.

.. _sect_A.33.4.2:

Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.4.3:

Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.4-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Blending
Softcopy Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Blending    | State Blending    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | Module            | Annotations are   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ | to be applied     |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation or       |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping are to   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | be applied        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | `Graphic          |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotation        |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | M                 |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

In the Blending Softcopy Presentation State IOD, the `Presentation
Series Module <#sect_C.11.9>`__ specializes some Attributes of the
`General Series Module <#sect_C.7.3.1>`__.

The `Softcopy Presentation LUT Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be
present in this IOD.

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and `Softcopy VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.8>`__ shall not be present in this IOD, since the
`Presentation State Blending Module <#sect_C.11.14>`__ subsumes their
function.

The `Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.9>`__ describes the
color mapping to be used for the superimposed image set.

The `Displayed Area Module <#sect_C.10.4>`__ and `Graphic Annotation
Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__ specifically identify those images or frames to
which they apply, and may include images or frames from the underlying
or superimposed set.

The `Spatial Transformation Module <#sect_C.10.6>`__ describes any
necessary spatial transformation of the image to be rendered after the
blending operation.

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `Overlay Activation
Module <#sect_C.11.7>`__ shall not be present, and any overlays present
in the referenced images shall not be displayed.

The `Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.11>`__ and `Bitmap Display
Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.15>`__ shall not be present, since the
underlying image geometry may differ between the two sets of images.

The `ICC Profile Module <#sect_C.11.15>`__ shall always be present. If
the color space to be used is not calibrated (i.e., a device-specific
ICC Input Profile is not available), then an ICC Input Profile
specifying a well-known space (such as sRGB) may be specified.

.. _sect_A.33.5:

Basic Structured Display IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.5.1:

Basic Structured Display IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Basic Structured Display Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies an Instance of a single screen structured display that has
been created for a Patient. It references specific image or other
composite SOP Instances from one or more Studies for that Patient, or
for other Patients for comparison, arranged in a specific presentation
layout. Presentation of images within the structured display may be
controlled by referenced Softcopy Presentation State Instances. The
structured display may include text annotations.

.. _sect_A.33.5.2:

Basic Structured Display IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.5.3:

Basic Structured Display IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.5.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Basic
Structured Display IOD.

.. table:: Basic Structured Display IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | U                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Structured        | `Structured       | M     |
   | State             | Display           | Display           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.16>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Structured        | `Structured       | M                 |       |
   | Display Image Box | Display Image Box |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Structured        | `Structured       | U                 |       |
   | Display           | Display           |                   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.33.6:

XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.6.1:

XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies information that may be used to present
angiographic projection images that are referenced from within the IOD.

It includes capabilities from the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State
IOD for specifying:

a. the output grayscale space in P-Values

b. grayscale contrast transformations including VOI LUT

c. selection of the area of the image to display and whether to rotate
   or flip it

d. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

For the presentation of angiographic projection images the following
capabilities are provided:

a. shutter specifications on a frame-by-frame basis

b. mask subtraction including regional pixel shift

c. presentation of sets of frames

.. _sect_A.33.6.2:

XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.6.3:

XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.33.6-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the XA/XRF
Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | State Shutter     | State Shutter     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bitmap Display    | `Bitmap Display   | C - Required if a |       |
   | Shutter           | Shutter           | Display Shutter   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ | to referenced     |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `XA/XRF           |       |
   |                   |                   | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | State Shutter     |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.20>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay Plane     | `Overlay Plane    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Overlay is to be  |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.9.2>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s) or the   |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Overlay           | `Overlay          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Activation        | Activation        | referenced image  |       |
   |                   | Module            | contains overlay  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.7>`__ | data that is to   |       |
   |                   |                   | be displayed or   |       |
   |                   |                   | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | State Instance    |       |
   |                   |                   | contains Overlay  |       |
   |                   |                   | data other than   |       |
   |                   |                   | Bitmap Shutter    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | Module            | Annotations are   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ | to be applied to  |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation or       |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping are to   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | be applied to     |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotations or    |       |
   |                   |                   | Overlays or       |       |
   |                   |                   | Curves are to be  |       |
   |                   |                   | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Softcopy VOI LUT  | `Softcopy VOI LUT | C - Required if a |       |
   |                   | Module            | VOI LUT is to be  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.8>`__ | applied to        |       |
   |                   |                   | referenced        |       |
   |                   |                   | image(s)          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF            | `XA/XRF           | C - Required if   |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | the referenced    |       |
   | State Mask        | State Mask        | image(s) are to   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | be subtracted     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF            | `XA/XRF           | C - Required if a |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | Display Shutter   |       |
   | State Shutter     | State Shutter     | is to be applied  |       |
   |                   | Module <          | to referenced     |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.20>`__ | image(s) and the  |       |
   |                   |                   | `Bitmap Display   |       |
   |                   |                   | Shutter           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is not present    |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF            | `XA/XRF           | C - Required if   |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | the referenced    |       |
   | State             | State             | image(s) are to   |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | be displayed with |       |
   |                   | Module <          | a prescribed      |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.21>`__ | preference        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Softcopy          | `Softcopy         | M                 |       |
   | Presentation LUT  | Presentation LUT  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

In the XA/XRF Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State IOD, the
`Presentation Series Module <#sect_C.11.9>`__ specializes some
Attributes of the `General Series Module <#sect_C.7.3.1>`__, the `XA/XRF
Presentation State Mask Module <#sect_C.11.19>`__ specializes some
Attributes of the `Mask Module <#sect_C.7.6.10>`__, and the `XA/XRF
Presentation State Shutter Module <#sect_C.11.20>`__ specializes some
Attributes of the `Bitmap Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.15>`__ and
`Display Shutter Module <#sect_C.7.6.11>`__.

.. note::

   1. Subtraction between different images is not supported.

   2. The Display Shutter may be used to darken image areas that
      surround important information and exclude extraneous bright areas
      that increase glare and ambient lighting impairing image
      interpretation. For example, unexposed areas in a XA image might
      be obscured using the Display Shutter, rather than permanently
      replacing image pixels in those areas.

   3. This IOD does not support the storage of a multi-frame overlay in
      the IOD itself, but does support selective activation of
      multi-frame overlays within the referenced images via the `Overlay
      Activation Module <#sect_C.11.7>`__.

.. _sect_A.33.7:

Advanced Blending Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.33.7.1:

Advanced Blending Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Advanced Blending Presentation State Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies information that may be used to blend two or more sets
of images that are referenced from within the IOD for the purpose of
presentation (display).

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. output color space in PCS-Values

b. optional thresholds to restrict contributing areas of an input

c. definition of blending control values for the different inputs

d. selection of the area of the output images to display and whether to
   rotate or flip it

e. image and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

.. _sect_A.33.7.2:

Advanced Blending Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.33.7.3:

Advanced Blending Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Advanced Blending Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M     |
   | State             | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.10>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Advanced Blending | `Advanced         | M                 |       |
   | Presentation      | Blending          |                   |       |
   | State             | Presentation      |                   |       |
   |                   | State             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.33>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Advanced Blending | `Advanced         | M                 |       |
   | Presentation      | Blending          |                   |       |
   | State Display     | Presentation      |                   |       |
   |                   | State Display     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.34>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Displayed Area    | `Displayed Area   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | U                 |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Transformation    | Transformation    | rotation or       |       |
   |                   | Module            | flipping are to   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.6>`__ | be applied        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic           |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Annotation Module |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34:

Waveform Information Object Definitions
---------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.34.1:

Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These IODs use the E-R Model in Section `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.2:

Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.2.1:

Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD is the specification of a digitized
sound that has been acquired or created by an audio modality or by an
audio acquisition function within an imaging modality. A typical use is
report dictation.

.. _sect_A.34.2.2:

Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.2.3:

Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Basic
Voice Audio Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Basic Voice Audio Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | U                 |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.2.4:

Basic Voice Audio IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.2.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be AU.

.. _sect_A.34.2.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be one.

.. _sect_A.34.2.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be 1 or 2.

.. _sect_A.34.2.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in the Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be 8000.

.. _sect_A.34.2.4.5:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in the Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be UB, MB, or AB.

.. _sect_A.34.3:

12-Lead ECG IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.3.1:

12-Lead ECG IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The 12-Lead ECG IOD is the specification of digitized electrical signals
from the patient cardiac conduction system collected on the body
surface, which has been acquired by an ECG modality or by an ECG
acquisition function within an imaging modality.

.. _sect_A.34.3.2:

12-Lead ECG IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.3.3:

12-Lead ECG IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the 12-Lead
ECG IOD.

.. table:: 12-Lead ECG IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.3.4:

12-Lead ECG IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ECG.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.2:

Acquisition Context Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For SOP Instances of ECG acquired in the cardiac catheterization lab,
the Defined TID for Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) is . For
routine resting or stress ECG, the Defined TID for Acquisition Context
Sequence (0040,0555) is .

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.3:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be between 1 and
5, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.4:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be between 1 and 13, inclusive. The
total number of channels encoded across all Items shall not exceed 13.

.. note::

   This specialization provides for up to five Waveform Sequence
   (5400,0100) Items (multiplex groups), with a total of 13 channels.
   This allows, for instance, encoding of four sets of three
   simultaneously recorded channels, the sets being acquired
   sequentially, plus one continuous channel for the duration of the
   other sets. This can be used to emulate the behavior of classical
   12-lead ECG strip chart recorders with 4x3 presentation, plus a
   continuous lead II recording (see
   `figure_title <#figure_A.34.3-1>`__).

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.5:

Number of Waveform Samples
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Samples (003A,0010) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to 16384.

.. note::

   This allows over 16 seconds per channel at the maximum sampling
   frequency; if longer recordings are required, the General ECG IOD may
   be used.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.6:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be between 200 and 1000, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.7:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item B may be used.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.8:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SS.

.. _sect_A.34.3.4.9:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D shall be used. This Context Group supports the
annotation of suppressed pacemaker spikes in the ECG waveform.

.. _sect_A.34.4:

General ECG IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.4.1:

General ECG IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The General ECG IOD is the specification of digitized electrical signals
from the patient cardiac conduction system collected on the body
surface, which has been acquired by an ECG modality or by an ECG
acquisition function within an imaging modality.

.. _sect_A.34.4.2:

General ECG IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.4.3:

General ECG IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.4-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the General
ECG IOD.

.. table:: General ECG IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.4.4:

General ECG IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ECG.

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be between 1 and
4, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be between 1 and 24, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be between 200 and 1000, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. note::

   Terms from other Context Groups may also be used for extended
   specification of the Channel Source, as declared in the Conformance
   Statement for an application (see ).

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SS.

.. _sect_A.34.4.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D shall be used. This Context Group supports the
annotation of suppressed pacemaker spikes in the ECG waveform.

.. _sect_A.34.5:

Ambulatory ECG IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.5.1:

Ambulatory ECG IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Ambulatory ECG IOD is the specification of digitized electrical
signals from the patient cardiac conduction system collected on the body
surface, which has been acquired by an ambulatory electrocardiography
(Holter) device.

.. note::

   The duration of acquisition represented in one SOP Instance is not
   specifically constrained, and is limited only by the maximum size of
   the Waveform Data Attribute.

.. _sect_A.34.5.2:

Ambulatory ECG IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.5.3:

Ambulatory ECG IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.5-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Ambulatory ECG IOD.

.. table:: Ambulatory ECG IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.5.4:

Ambulatory ECG IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ECG.

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be between 1 and 12, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.5:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be between 50 and 1000, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.6:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.5.4.7:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SB or SS.

.. _sect_A.34.6:

Hemodynamic Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.6.1:

Hemodynamic Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Hemodynamic Waveform IOD is the specification of digitized pressure,
electrical, and other signals from the patient circulatory system, which
has been acquired by a hemodynamic modality.

.. note::

   The duration of acquisition represented in one SOP Instance is not
   specifically constrained, and is limited only by the maximum size of
   the Waveform Data Attribute.

.. _sect_A.34.6.2:

Hemodynamic Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.6.3:

Hemodynamic Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.6-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Hemodynamic Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Hemodynamic Waveform IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | if Waveform    |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Originality    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | (003A,0004) is |
   |                |                |                | ORIGINAL; may  |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise      |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | Waveform       | `Waveform      | M              |
   |                | Identification | Identification |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.10.8>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | `Waveform      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.10.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | `Waveform      | C - Required   |                |
   | Annotation     | Annotation     | if annotation  |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | is present.    |                |
   |                | ct_C.10.10>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.34.6.4:

Hemodynamic IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be HD.

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.2:

Acquisition Context Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Defined TID for Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) is .

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.3:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be between 1 and
4, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.4:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be between 1 and 8, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.5:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to 400.

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.7:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D, D for surface ECG channels, or D for time
synchronization channels shall be used. The Channel Source Code Value
shall encode at minimum the metric (measured physical quality) and
function (measurement or stimulus); unless otherwise specifically
encoded, the default function shall be "measurement".

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003A,0200) Item shall be used to specify additional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including technique
and anatomic location, if not encoded by the Channel Source Code Value.
Technique, with terms from D, shall be specified in Channel Source
Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) Items prior to the cardiac anatomic
location(s), with terms from D, D, and D. If technique is pullback, the
sequence of anatomic locations shall be specified in ordered Channel
Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) Items (e.g., initial,
transitional, and final locations).

.. note::

   Terms from other Context Groups may also be used for extended
   specification of the Channel Source, as declared in the Conformance
   Statement for an application (see ).

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.8:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SS.

.. _sect_A.34.6.4.9:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.7:

Basic Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.7.1:

Basic Cardiac EP IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Basic Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD is the specification of
digitized electrical signals from the patient cardiac conduction system
collected in the heart, which has been acquired by an EP modality.

.. note::

   The duration of acquisition represented in one SOP Instance is not
   specifically constrained, and is limited only by the maximum size of
   the Waveform Data Attribute.

.. _sect_A.34.7.2:

Basic Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.7.3:

Basic Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.7-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Basic
Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Basic Cardiac Electrophysiology Waveform IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | if Waveform    |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Originality    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | (003A,0004)    |
   |                |                |                | value is       |
   |                |                |                | ORIGINAL; may  |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise      |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | Waveform       | `Waveform      | M              |
   |                | Identification | Identification |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.10.8>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | `Waveform      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.10.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Waveform       | `Waveform      | C - Required   |                |
   | Annotation     | Annotation     | if annotation  |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | is present.    |                |
   |                | ct_C.10.10>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.34.7.4:

Basic Cardiac EP IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be EPS.

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.2:

Acquisition Context Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Defined TID for Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) is .

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.3:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be between 1 and
4, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to 20000.

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003a,0200) Item D shall be used. The Channel Source Code Value
shall encode at minimum the anatomic location of the channel source.

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003a,0200) Item shall be used to specify additional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including metric
(measured physical quality), function (measurement or stimulus), and
technique from D, and anatomic location qualifiers from D, if not
encoded by the Channel Source Code Value. If not explicitly encoded, the
default metric and function shall be "voltage measurement". If a
differential signal is used, that shall be indicated in a Modifier Item,
and the positive pole and negative pole identified in the subsequent two
modifiers.

.. note::

   1. Terms from other Context Groups may also be used for extended
      specification of the Channel Source, as declared in the
      Conformance Statement for an application (see ).

   2. A differential signal from the high right atrium, where electrode
      1 on the catheter is the positive pole and electrode 3 the
      negative pole, could be specified by coded terms meaning:Channel
      Source: "High Right Atrium"Channel Source Modifiers:
      "Differential", "E1", "E3"(Implicit default modifier: "Voltage
      Measurement")

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SS.

.. _sect_A.34.7.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.8:

Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.8.1:

Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD is the specification of digitized
electrical signals from the patient arterial system collected through
pulse oximetry or other means by a Pulse modality or by a Pulse
acquisition function within an imaging modality.

.. _sect_A.34.8.2:

Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.8.3:

Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.8-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Arterial
Pulse Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.8.4:

Arterial Pulse Waveform IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be HD (hemodynamic waveform).

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence Item (5400,0100) shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to 600 Hz.

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.8.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SB or SS.

.. _sect_A.34.9:

Respiratory Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.9.1:

Respiratory Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Respiratory Waveform IOD is the specification of digitized
electrical signals from the patient respiratory system, which has been
acquired by a Respiratory modality or by a Respiratory acquisition
function within an imaging modality.

.. _sect_A.34.9.2:

Respiratory Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.9.3:

Respiratory Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.9-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Respiratory Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Respiratory Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.9.4:

Respiratory Waveform IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RESP.

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to100 Hz.

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.9.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SB or SS.

.. _sect_A.34.10:

General Audio Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.10.1:

General Audio Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The General Audio Waveform IOD is the specification of one or two
channel digitized audio signals.

.. _sect_A.34.10.2:

General Audio Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.10.3:

General Audio Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.10-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the General
Audio Waveform IOD.

.. table:: General Audio Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.10.4:

General Audio Waveform IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be AU (audio).

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be1 or 2.

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
(5400,0100) Item shall be less than or equal to 44,100 Hz.

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.10.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (5400,0100) Item shall be SB or SS.

.. _sect_A.34.11:

Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.11.1:

Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD specifies one-channel or two-channel
digitized audio signals, transmitted in real-time.

.. _sect_A.34.11.2:

Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE and Frame of Reference
IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.11.3:

Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.34.11-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Real-Time Bulk    | `Real-Time Bulk   | M                 |       |
   | Data Flow         | Data Flow         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.26>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Current Frame     | `Current Frame    | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.27>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.11.4:

Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be AU (audio).

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in the Waveform
Sequence Item shall be 1 or 2.

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item shall be 44.1 kHz, 48 kHz, or 96 kHz.

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.5:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

For Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition
Sequence (003A,0200) Item D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be SB or SS.

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.7:

Current Frame Functional Groups Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Current Frame Functional Groups Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ shallbe
placed in the dynamic part of the RTP Payload.

`table_title <#table_A.34.11-2>`__ specifies the Functional Group Macros
included in the `Current Frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.27>`__ for the Real-Time Audio Waveform IOD.

.. table:: Real-Time Audio Waveform Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Time of Frame        | `Time of Frame       | M - shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.29>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.34.11.4.8:

Time Distribution Protocol
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Time Distribution Protocol (0018,1802) of the `Synchronization
Module <#sect_C.7.4.2>`__ shall be set to "PTP".

.. _sect_A.34.12:

Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.12.1:

Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram (EEG) IOD is the specification of
digitized electrical signals from the patient's encephalon collected on
the skull surface, which has been acquired by an EEG modality or by an
EEG acquisition function within an imaging modality or a neurophysiology
recording device.

.. note::

   This type of object could cover these clinical scenarios:

   -  Routine EEG

   -  EEG-Video-Monitoring - scalp EEG

   as these have similar physical properties and use the same electrode
   location scheme.

.. _sect_A.34.12.2:

Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The E-R Model in `Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.34.1>`__ applies to the Routine Electroencephalogram IOD.

.. _sect_A.34.12.3:

Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | U                 |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.12.4:

Routine Scalp Electroencephalogram IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be EEG.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items shall be 1.

.. note::

   In case of recording interruptions, the recording will be encoded as
   separate instances.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be between 1 and 64, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.5:

Channel Source and Channel Source Modifiers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D.

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003A,0200) Item shall be used to specify additional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including anatomic
location, if not encoded by the Channel Source Code Value.

EEG recordings not using a common reference electrode shall contain the
location of the reference electrode for the given channel in the Channel
Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) as follows:

-  First Item: "Differential signal" (D)

-  Second Item: Location of the reference lead (D)

EEG recordings using a common reference electrode shall be coded in the
same way, but use the same reference lead in every Channel Source
Modifier.

.. note::

   B is extensible. Terms from other Context Groups or elsewhere may be
   used in the Channel Source Sequence as well as in the Channel Source
   Modifier Sequence to identify channels not contained in . Such terms
   are expected to be described in the Conformance Statement.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be SS or SL.

.. _sect_A.34.12.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D, D, and D shall be used.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.34.13:

Electromyogram IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.13.1:

Electromyogram IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Electromyogram (EMG) IOD is the specification of digitized
electrical signals evoked by the patient's muscle movements, which has
been acquired by an EMG modality or by an EMG acquisition function
within a neurophysiology recording device or a polysomnography modality.

.. _sect_A.34.13.2:

Electromyogram IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.13.3:

Electromyogram IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Electromyogram IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present           |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.13.4:

Electromyogram IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be EMG.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be between 1 and 64, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.5:

Channel Source and Channel Source Modifiers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D or .

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003A,0200) Item shall be used to specify additional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including anatomic
location, if not encoded by theChannel Source Code Value.

EMG recordings not using a common reference electrode shall contain the
location of the reference electrode for the given channel in the Channel
Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) as follows:

-  First Item: "Differential signal" (D)

-  Second Item: Location of the reference lead (D, B)

EMG recordings using a common reference electrode shall be coded in the
same way, but contain the same reference lead in every Channel Source
Modifier.

.. note::

   and are extensible. Terms from other Context Groups or elsewhere may
   be used in the Channel Source Sequence as well as in the Channel
   Source Modifier Sequence to identify channels not contained in these
   two Context Groups. Such terms are expected to be described in the
   Conformance Statement.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (0054,0100) Item shall be SSor SL.

.. _sect_A.34.13.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D and D shall be used.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.34.14:

Electrooculogram IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.14.1:

Electrooculogram IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Electrooculogram (EOG) IOD is the specification of digitized
electrical signals evoked by the patient's eye movements collected on
the face, which has been acquired by an EOG modality or by an EOG
acquisition function within a neurophysiology recording device or a
polysomnography modality.

.. _sect_A.34.14.2:

Electrooculogram IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.14.3:

Electrooculogram IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Electrooculogram IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present           |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.14.4:

Electrooculogram IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be EOG.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be 2 or 4.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.5:

Channel Source and Channel Source Modifiers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D.

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003A,0200) Item shall be used to specifyadditional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including anatomic
location, if not encoded by the Channel Source Code Value.

EOG recordings not using a common reference electrode shall contain the
location of the reference electrode for the given channel in the Channel
Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) as follows:

-  First Item: "Differential signal" (D)

-  Second Item: Location of the reference lead (D)

EOG recordings using a common reference electrode shall be coded in the
same way, but contain the same reference lead in every Channel Source
Modifier.

.. note::

   is extensible. Terms from other Context Groups or elsewhere may be
   used in the Channel Source Sequence as well as in the Channel Source
   Modifier Sequence to identify channels not contained in . Such terms
   are expected to be described in the Conformance Statement.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence (0054,0100) Item shall be SSor SL.

.. _sect_A.34.14.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D and D shall be used.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.34.15:

Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.15.1:

Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Sleep Electroencephalogram (EEG) IOD is the specification of
digitized electrical signals from the patient's encephalon collected on
the skull surface, which has been acquired by an EEG modality or by an
EEG acquisition function within a polysomnography modality.

.. _sect_A.34.15.2:

Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The E-R Model in Section A.34.1 applies to the Sleep
Electroencephalogram IOD.

.. _sect_A.34.15.3:

Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present           |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.15.4:

Sleep Electroencephalogram IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be EEG.

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items is not constrained

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.3:

Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be between 1 and 64, inclusive.

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.4:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.5:

Channel Source and Channel Source Modifiers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D.

The Channel Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) in each Channel
Definition Sequence (003A,0200) Item shall be used to specify additional
qualifiers of the semantics of the waveform source, including technique
and anatomic location, if not encoded by the Channel Source Code Value.

EEG recordings not using a common reference electrode shall contain the
location of the reference electrode for the given channel in the Channel
Source Modifiers Sequence (003A,0209) as follows:

-  First Item: "Differential signal" (D)

-  Second Item: Location of the reference lead (D)

EEG recordings using a common reference electrode shall be coded in the
same way, but contain the same reference lead in every Channel Source
Modifier.

.. note::

   is extensible. Terms from other Context Groups or elsewhere may be
   used in the Channel Source Sequence as well as in the Channel Source
   Modifier Sequence to identify channels not contained in . Such Terms
   are expected to be described in the Conformance Statement.

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.6:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be SSor SL.

.. _sect_A.34.15.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D, D, D, and D shall be used.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.34.16:

Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.16.1:

Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD is the specification of
digitized electrical signals from the patient respiratory system, which
has been acquired by a Respiratory modality or by a Respiratory
acquisition function within a neurophysiology recording device or a
polysomnography modality.

.. _sect_A.34.16.2:

Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.16.3:

Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present           |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.16.4:

Multi-channel Respiratory Waveform IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RESP.

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.2:

Waveform Sequence and Number of Waveform Channels
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) items is unconstrained.

.. note::

   If the total number of Waveform Channels is one the Respiratory
   Waveform IOD could be used instead

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.3:

Sampling Frequency
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Sampling Frequency (003A,001A) in each Waveform Sequence
Item is not constrained.

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.4:

Channel Source and Channel Source Modifiers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D.

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.5:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) in each Waveform
Sequence Item shall be SS or SL.

.. _sect_A.34.16.4.6:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D and D shall be used.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.34.17:

Body Position Waveform IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.34.17.1:

Body Position Waveform IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Body Position Waveform IOD is the specification of digitized
electrical signals acquired by adevice or sensor on the body of the
patient measuring the position of the patient.Depending on the
measurement method, either the digitized sensor data is saved directly
or values derived from it.

.. _sect_A.34.17.2:

Body Position Waveform IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Waveform IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.34.17.3:

Body Position Waveform IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Body Position Waveform IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M     |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.10.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Waveform          | `Waveform         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | annotation is     |       |
   |                   | Module <          | present           |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.34.17.4:

Body Position Waveform IOD Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.1:

Modality
''''''''

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be POS.

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.2:

Waveform Sequence
'''''''''''''''''

The number of Waveform Sequence (5400,0100) Items is unconstrained.

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.3:

Number of Channels
''''''''''''''''''

The value of Number of Waveform Channels (003A,0005) in each Waveform
Sequence depends on the measurement type; seeA.34.17.4.4 Channel Source

To encode the patient's position as fixed values a single channel shall
be used.

To encode the patient's position as rotation and elevation, two channels
shall be used. The first angle is the patient's angle of rotation around
the longitudinal axis (head-feet axis). The second angle is the angle of
elevation of the patient against horizontal, which could change if the
patient sits up in bed, if the head of the bed is elevated, or if the
patient stands up.

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.4:

Channel Source
''''''''''''''

Channel Source Sequence (003A,0208) in each Channel Definition Sequence
Item D.

The Channel Source Code for a channel encoding the patient's position as
fixed values is (130410, DCM, "Patient position").

The Channel Source Code for a channel encoding the patient's rotation
around the body's longitudinal axis (head-feet axis) is (130411, DCM,
"Patient rotation longitudinal").

The Channel Source Code for a channel encoding the elevation of the
patient against horizontal is (130412, DCM, "Patient elevation").

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.5:

Waveform Sample Interpretation
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For channels encoding the patient's position as fixed values the value
of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) is UB.

For channels encoding the patient's position asrotation angles the value
of Waveform Sample Interpretation (5400,1006) is SS.

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.6:

Waveform Data
'''''''''''''

For channels encoding the patient's position as fixed values Waveform
Data (5400,1010) shall only contain defined values listed in
`table_title <#table_A.34.17-2>`__.

.. table:: Defined Body Position Data Values

   ===== =======================
   Value Meaning
   ===== =======================
   0x00  supine
   0x01  left lateral decubitus
   0x02  prone
   0x03  right lateral decubitus
   0x04  upright
   0xff  undefined
   ===== =======================

.. note::

   With 8-bit Waveform Data and a single channel there may be an odd
   number of samples; see for encoding rules.

For channels encoding the patient's rotation and elevation, angles are
stored in Waveform data (5400,1010). Units of measure (Channel
Sensitivity Units (003A,0211) ) shall be degrees. Both angles having the
value 0Â° is body position supine. `table_title <#table_A.34.17-3>`__
shows the angle values of selected body positions.

.. table:: Selected Body Position Angles

   ======================= ====================== ======================
   **Position Value**      **Value in Channel I** **Value in Channel 2**
   ======================= ====================== ======================
   supine                  0                      0
   lateral decubitus left  90                     0
   prone                   180                    0
   lateral decubitus right 270                    0
   upright                 0                      90
   feet up                 0                      -90
   ======================= ====================== ======================

.. _sect_A.34.17.4.7:

Waveform Annotation Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) in the Waveform Annotation
Sequence (0040,B020) D shall be used. Modifier Code Sequence (0040,A195)
D.

.. note::

   Annotations can be stored either in the Waveform Annotation Module of
   the waveform to which they apply, or in a separate Structured Report
   object. The Waveform Annotation Module is only intended for
   annotations made at the time of acquisition.

.. _sect_A.35:

Structured Report Document Information Object Definitions
---------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.35.1:

Basic Text SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.1.1:

Basic Text SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Basic Text Structured Report (SR) IOD is intended for the
representation of reports with minimal usage of coded entries (typically
used in Document Title and headings) and a hierarchical tree of headings
under which may appear text and subheadings. Reference to SOP Instances
(e.g., images or waveforms or other SR Documents) is restricted to
appear at the level of the leaves of this primarily textual tree. This
structure simplifies the encoding of conventional textual reports as SR
Documents, as well as their rendering.

.. _sect_A.35.1.2:

Basic Text SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.1.3:

Basic Text SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Basic
Text SR IOD.

.. table:: Basic Text SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.1.3.1:

Basic Text SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.1.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.1.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the `SR Document Content
   Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

`table_title <#table_A.35.1-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Basic Text SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER,           | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE,          |
   | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |                      |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT                 | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT                 | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE, WAVEFORM or COMPOSITE Value Type may
      refer to, is documented in the Conformance Statement for an
      application (see and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.2:

Enhanced SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.2.1:

Enhanced SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Enhanced Structured Report (SR) IOD is a superset of the Basic Text
SR IOD. It is also intended for the representation of reports with
minimal usage of coded entries (typically Document Title and headings)
and a hierarchical tree of headings under which may appear text and
subheadings. In addition, it supports the use of numeric measurements
with coded measurement names and units. Reference to SOP Instances
(e.g., images or waveforms or SR Documents) is restricted to appear at
the level of the leaves of this primarily textual tree. It enhances
references to SOP Instances with spatial regions of interest (points,
lines, circle, ellipse, etc.) and temporal regions of interest.

.. _sect_A.35.2.2:

Enhanced SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.2.3:

Enhanced SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced
SR IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.2.3.1:

Enhanced SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.2.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD
TCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.2.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the `SR Document Content
   Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

`table_title <#table_A.35.2-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Enhanced SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER,           | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |                      |                      |
   | NUM                  |                      |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD       |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD       |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | SCOORD,              |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE, WAVEFORM or COMPOSITE Value Type may
      refer to, is documented in the Conformance Statement for an
      application (see and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.3:

Comprehensive SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.3.1:

Comprehensive SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Comprehensive SR IOD is a superset of the Basic Text SR IOD and the
Enhanced SR IOD, which specifies a class of documents, the content of
which may include textual and a variety of coded information, numeric
measurement values, references to the SOP Instances and spatial or
temporal regions of interest within such SOP Instances. Relationships
by-reference are enabled between Content Items.

.. _sect_A.35.3.2:

Comprehensive SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.3.3:

Comprehensive SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Comprehensive SR IOD.

.. table:: Comprehensive SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.3.3.1:

Comprehensive SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.3.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD
TCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.3.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD may be
conveyed either by-value or by-reference.
`table_title <#table_A.35.3-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type
definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Comprehensive SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER (see       |
   |                      |                      | below).              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER,           | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |                      | CONTAINER            |
   | NUM                  |                      |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | SCOORD,              |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE, WAVEFORM or COMPOSITE Value Type may
      refer to, is documented in the Conformance Statement for an
      application (see and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

The HAS CONCEPT MOD and CONTAINS relationships shall not be conveyed
by-reference.

Relationships by-reference to ancestor Content Items are forbidden in
this IOD to prevent loops.

.. _sect_A.35.4:

Key Object Selection Document IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.4.1:

Key Object Selection Document IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Key Object Selection Document IOD is intended for flagging one or
more significant images, waveforms, or other composite SOP Instances.

.. _sect_A.35.4.2:

Key Object Selection Document IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.4.3:

Key Object Selection Document IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.4-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Key
Object Selection Document IOD.

.. table:: Key Object Selection Document IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Key Object        | `Key Object       | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.17.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | Key Object        | `Key Object       | M     |
   |                   | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.17.6.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.4.3.1:

Key Object Selection Document IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.4.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.4.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the `SR Document Content
   Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

`table_title <#table_A.35.4-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Key Object Selection
Document IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | TEXT, IMAGE,          |
   |                   |                       | WAVEFORM, COMPOSITE   |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | TEXT, CODE, UIDREF,   |
   |                   |                       | PNAME                 |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS CONCEPT MOD       | CODE                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.4.3.1.3:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.5:

Mammography CAD SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.5.1:

Mammography CAD SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Mammography CAD SR IOD is used to convey the detection and analysis
results of a mammography CAD device. The content may include textual and
a variety of coded information, numeric measurement values, references
to the SOP Instances, and spatial regions of interest within such SOP
Instances. Relationships by-reference are enabled between Content Items.

.. _sect_A.35.5.2:

Mammography CAD SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.5.3:

Mammography CAD SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.5-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Mammography CAD SR IOD.

.. table:: Mammography CAD SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.5.3.1:

Mammography CAD SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.5.3.1.1:

Template Constraints
                    

-  The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

-  When a Content Item sub-tree from a prior document is duplicated
   by-value, its observation context shall be defined by and its
   subordinate templates.

.. note::

   All Template and Context Group definitions are located in and ,
   respectively.

.. _sect_A.35.5.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATE
TIME
PNAME
SCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.5.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

The Mammography CAD SR IOD makes extensive use of by-reference INFERRED
FROM, by-reference HAS PROPERTIES and by-reference SELECTED FROM
relationships. Other relationships by-reference are forbidden.
`table_title <#table_A.35.5-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type
definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Mammography CAD SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | CODE, NUM, SCOORD,   |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER, TEXT,     |
   |                      |                      | DATE.                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATE, TIME, PNAME,   |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF,              |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | IMAGE                | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, DATE,    |
   |                      |                      | TIME, NUM.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, CODE,     | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT,                |
   | NUM, COMPOSITE       |                      | CODE\ :sup:`2`.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | CONTAINER, TEXT,     |
   |                      |                      | CODE, NUM, DATE,     |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, UIDREF.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CODE, NUM            | INFERRED FROM        | CODE, NUM, SCOORD,   |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER, TEXT,     |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE.               |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer to,
      is documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
      and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.6:

Chest CAD SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.6.1:

Chest CAD SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Chest CAD SR IOD is used to convey the detection and analysis
results of a chest CAD device. The content may include textual and a
variety of coded information, numeric measurement values, references to
the SOP Instances, and spatial regions of interest within such SOP
Instances. Relationships by-reference are enabled between Content Items.

.. _sect_A.35.6.2:

Chest CAD SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.6.3:

Chest CAD SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.6-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Chest CAD
SR IOD.

.. table:: Chest CAD SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.6.3.1:

Chest CAD SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.6.3.1.1:

Template Constraints
                    

-  The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

-  When a Content Item sub-tree from a prior document is duplicated
   by-value, its observation context shall be defined by and its
   subordinate templates.

.. note::

   All Template and Context Group definitions are located in and ,
   respectively.

.. _sect_A.35.6.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD
TCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.6.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

The Chest CAD SR IOD makes use of by-reference INFERRED FROM,
by-reference SELECTED FROM, and by-reference HAS PROPERTIES
relationships. Other relationships by-reference are forbidden.
`table_title <#table_A.35.6-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type
definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Chest CAD SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | CODE, NUM,           |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATE, TIME, PNAME,   |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF,              |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | IMAGE, WAVEFORM      | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, DATE,    |
   |                      |                      | TIME, NUM.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, CODE,     | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT,                |
   | COMPOSITE, NUM       |                      | CODE\ :sup:`2`.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | CONTAINER, TEXT,     |
   |                      |                      | CODE, NUM, DATE,     |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF.              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CODE, NUM            | INFERRED FROM        | CODE, NUM,           |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, TCOORD,      |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER, TEXT.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | SCOORD,              |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`.  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer to,
      is documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
      and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.7:

Procedure Log IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.7.1:

Procedure Log IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Procedure Log IOD is intended for the representation of reports or
logs of time-stamped events occurring during an extended diagnostic or
interventional procedure, typical of the cardiac catheterization lab.

.. _sect_A.35.7.2:

Procedure Log IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. note::

   Unlike some other SR IODs, the Frame of Reference IE is critical to
   the synchronized time stamping of events in the Procedure Log IOD and
   to multi-modality coordination.

.. _sect_A.35.7.3:

Procedure Log IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.7-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Procedure
Log IOD.

.. table:: Procedure Log IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.7.3.1:

Procedure Log IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.7.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document may be constructed from B invoked at the root node.

.. note::

   This template defines a container (the root) with subsidiary Content
   Items, each of which represents a single procedure log entry. There
   is a defined recording observer (the person responsible for recording
   the log, generally a technician or nurse). The log entries follow a
   canonical model of a coded log entry type (the concept name of the
   Content Item), the value associated with the concept name as one of
   the SR Value Types, and optionally a subsidiary free text comment
   and/or an identifier of the author or device source of the log entry
   (which may be other than the recording observer).

.. _sect_A.35.7.3.1.2:

Observation DateTime
                    

Each Item in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR Document Content
Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ that is a target of a "CONTAINS" relationship
from the root node, i.e., the first level Log Content Items, shall
include Observation DateTime (0040,A032) as a Type 1 Attribute. This
Attribute shall represent the DateTime at which the event recorded in
the Content Item occurred, not the time at which the Item was recorded.

The first level Procedure Log Content Items in the Content Sequence
shall be strictly ordered by monotonically increasing Observation
DateTime (0040,A032) values.

Observation DateTime (0040,A032) shall be specified to a precision of
one second or finer.

.. _sect_A.35.7.3.1.3:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.7.3.1.4:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   1. Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
      Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
      Content Items within the `SR Document Content
      Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

   2. CONTAINERs are not permitted as a target of any relationship.

`table_title <#table_A.35.7-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Procedure Log IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, COMPOSITE,    |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE, WAVEFORM      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, IMAGE,    | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | WAVEFORM, COMPOSITE  |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type (except     | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER)           |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | IMAGE, WAVEFORM,     |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.8:

X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.8.1:

X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD is used to convey the exposure
characteristics and dose from X-Rays generated by imaging devices.

.. note::

   Therapeutic dose is reported in the `RT Dose IOD <#sect_A.18>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.8.2:

X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.8.3:

X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.8-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the X-Ray
Radiation Dose SR IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | Series         | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - shall be   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | present if     |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | system time is |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronized   |
   |                |                |                | to an external |
   |                |                |                | reference. May |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Document       | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | General        | General        |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.2>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |                |
   | Content        | Content        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.17.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.35.8.3.1:

X-Ray Radiation Dose SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.8.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document may be constructed from B or B invoked at the root node.

.. note::

   This IOD maybe used with other Templates defined for Dose Reporting.
   Such other Templates maybe specialized for specific modalities or
   future dose measurement techniques.

.. _sect_A.35.8.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.8.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.8-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for X-Ray Radiation Dose SR
IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, IMAGE,        |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE, CONTAINER |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | DATETIME, CODE,      |
   |                      |                      | TEXT, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, COMPOSITE     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, IMAGE,    | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | COMPOSITE            |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, CONTAINER     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, IMAGE,        |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE, CONTAINER |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE, COMPOSITE,    |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   The SOP Classes to which an IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer
   are documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
   and ).

.. _sect_A.35.8.3.1.4:

Completion Flag
               

The Completion Flag (0040,A491) of an X-Ray Radiation Dose SR shall have
the value "COMPLETE".

.. note::

   An RDSR must contain all relevant information from its Scope of
   Accumulation. The value "PARTIAL" is not be used, as it would mean
   that the RDSR does not contain all the irradiation events within the
   Scope of Accumulation.

.. _sect_A.35.9:

Spectacle Prescription Report IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.9.1:

Spectacle Prescription Report IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Spectacle Prescription Report IOD is used to represent the spectacle
prescription for a Patient.

.. _sect_A.35.9.2:

Spectacle Prescription Report IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.9.3:

Spectacle Prescription Report IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.9-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Spectacle
Prescription Report IOD.

.. table:: Spectacle Prescription Report IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.9.3.1:

Spectacle Prescription Report IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.9.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.9.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the `SR Document Content
   Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

`table_title <#table_A.35.9-2>`__ specifies the relationship constraints
of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Spectacle Prescription
Report IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | CONTAINER, CODE, NUM, |
   |                   |                       | TEXT                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.9.3.1.3:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.10:

Colon CAD SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.10.1:

Colon CAD SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Colon CAD SR IOD is used to convey the detection and analysis
results of a colon CAD device. The content may include textual and a
variety of coded information, numeric measurement values, references to
the SOP Instances, and spatial regions of interest within such SOP
Instances. Relationships by-reference are enabled between Content Items.

.. _sect_A.35.10.2:

Colon CAD SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.10.3:

Colon CAD SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.10-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Colon
CAD SR IOD.

.. table:: Colon CAD SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.10.3.1:

Colon CAD SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.10.3.1.1:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. note::

   All Template and Context Group definitions are located in and ,
   respectively.

.. _sect_A.35.10.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD
SCOORD3D
TCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.10.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

The Colon CAD SR IOD makes use of by-reference INFERRED FROM and
by-reference HAS ACQ CONTEXT relationships. Other relationships
by-reference are forbidden. `table_title <#table_A.35.10-2>`__ specifies
the relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Colon CAD SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | CODE, NUM,           |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER, UIDREF,   |
   |                      |                      | DATE, TIME.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATE, TIME, PNAME,   |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF,              |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | IMAGE                | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, DATE,    |
   |                      |                      | TIME, NUM, CONTAINER |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, CODE,     | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT,                |
   | COMPOSITE, NUM       |                      | CODE\ :sup:`2`.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | CONTAINER, TEXT,     |
   |                      |                      | CODE, NUM, DATE,     |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF.              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CODE, NUM            | INFERRED FROM        | CODE, NUM,           |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER, TEXT.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`.  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer to,
      is documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
      and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.11:

Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.11.1:

Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD is used to represent
the macular grid thickness and volume values derived from ophthalmic
images.

.. _sect_A.35.11.2:

Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.11.3:

Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.11-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Macular
Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD.

.. table:: Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.11.3.1:

Macular Grid Thickness and Volume Report IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.11.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATE
UIDREF
PNAME
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.11.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the `SR Document Content
   Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

`table_title <#table_A.35.11-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Macular Grid Thickness
and Volume Report IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | CODE, PNAME, TEXT,    |
   |                   |                       | UIDREF, DATE, NUM     |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | CONTAINER, NUM, TEXT, |
   |                   |                       | CODE                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | any type          | HAS CONCEPT MOD       | CODE                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | NUM               | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | TEXT                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | NUM               | INFERRED FROM         | IMAGE                 |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.11.3.1.3:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.12:

Implantation Plan SR Document IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.12.1:

Implantation Plan SR Document IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Implantation Plan SR Document IOD contains the results of a planning
process for an individual Patient, wherein specific implant templates
are selected and positioned using images of the Patient. The
Implantation Plan SR Document references the implant templates, the
images, and the registration SOP Instances that are used in the
planning.

.. _sect_A.35.12.2:

Implantation Plan SR Document IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.12.3:

Implantation Plan SR Document IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.12-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Implantation Plan SR Document IOD.

.. table:: Implantation Plan SR Document IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.12.3.1:

Implantation Plan SR Document IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.12.3.1.1:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. note::

   All Template and Context Group definitions are located in and ,
   respectively.

.. _sect_A.35.12.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATE
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.12.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD may be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.12-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Implantation Plan SR
Document IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF,              |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATE, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | IMAGE, UIDREF,       |                      | UIDREF,              |
   | COMPOSITE            |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer to
      is documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
      and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example, to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.13:

Comprehensive 3D SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.13.1:

Comprehensive 3D SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Comprehensive 3D SR IOD is a superset of the Comprehensive SR IOD,
which specifies a class of documents, the content of which may include
textual and a variety of coded information, numeric measurement values,
references to the SOP Instances and 2D or 3D spatial or temporal regions
of interest within such SOP Instances. Relationships by-reference are
enabled between Content Items.

.. _sect_A.35.13.2:

Comprehensive 3D SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.13.3:

Comprehensive 3D SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.13-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Comprehensive 3D SR IOD.

.. table:: Comprehensive 3D SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.13.3.1:

Comprehensive 3D SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.13.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD
SCOORD3D
TCOORD
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.13.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD may be
conveyed either by-value or by-reference.
`table_title <#table_A.35.13-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Comprehensive 3D SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | TCOORD,              |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER (see       |
   |                      |                      | below).              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER,           | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |                      | CONTAINER            |
   | NUM                  |                      |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | TCOORD, CONTAINER    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | TIME, UIDREF, PNAME, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | TCOORD, CONTAINER    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | SCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TCOORD               | SELECTED FROM        | SCOORD, SCOORD3D,    |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. Which SOP Classes the IMAGE, WAVEFORM or COMPOSITE Value Type may
      refer to, is documented in the Conformance Statement for an
      application (see and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

   3. SCOORD3D has no children, since its coordinates are patient rather
      than image-relative.

The HAS CONCEPT MOD and CONTAINS relationships shall not be conveyed
by-reference.

Relationships by-reference to ancestor Content Items are forbidden in
this IOD to prevent loops.

.. _sect_A.35.14:

Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.14.1:

Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD is used to convey the
exposure characteristics and dose from the administration of
radiopharmaceuticals.

.. _sect_A.35.14.2:

Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.14.3:

Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.14-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD.

.. table:: Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | Series         | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - shall be   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | present if     |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | system time is |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronized   |
   |                |                |                | to an external |
   |                |                |                | reference. May |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Document       | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | General        | General        |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.2>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |                |
   | Content        | Content        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.17.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect__A.35.14.3.1:

Radiopharmaceutical Radiation Dose SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.14.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document may be constructed from B invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.14.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
UIDREF
PNAME
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.14.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.14-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Radiopharmaceutical
Radiation Dose SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, CONTAINER     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, CONTAINER     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | PNAME                |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, CONTAINER     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.15:

Extensible SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.15.1:

Extensible SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Extensible SR IOD specifies support for all SR Content Item and
relationship types currently defined and that may be added in the
future.

It is designed specifically to support the possibility of future
extensions, and the corresponding SOP Class defined in has specific
behavior defined for a recipient in the presence of unrecognized or
unsupported extensions.

.. _sect_A.35.15.2:

Extensible SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.15.3:

Extensible SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.15-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Extensible SR IOD.

.. table:: Extensible SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.15.3.1:

Extensible SR IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.35.15.3.1.1:

Value Type
''''''''''

Value Type (0040,A040) in the Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to any of the
Enumerated Values defined in `SR Document Content
Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__.

.. _sect_A.35.15.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD may be
conveyed either by-value or by-reference.
`table_title <#table_A.35.15-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Extensible SR IOD

   +-------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type (Enumerated Values) | Target Value Type |
   +===================+=======================================+===================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS                              | any type.         |
   +-------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------+
   | any type          | any type other than CONTAINS          | any type.         |
   +-------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------+

.. note::

   The lack of explicit constraints between value types and relationship
   types is necessary to support extensibility in unanticipated ways
   (e.g., to support new coordinate value types that may be selected
   from new composite object value types), but that does not mean that
   all possible combinations will make sense or be usable (e.g., HAS OBS
   CONTEXT with source and target value types of IMAGE).

Relationships by-reference to ancestor Content Items are forbidden in
this IOD to prevent loops.

.. _sect_A.35.16:

Acquisition Context SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.16.1:

Acquisition Context SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Acquisition Context SR IOD is used to represent the description of
the conditions present during data acquisition of other data that is
stored separately (such as images).

.. _sect_A.35.16.2:

Acquisition Context SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.16.3:

Acquisition Context SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.16-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Acquisition Context SR IOD.

.. table:: Acquisition Context SR IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | Series         | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | if time        |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | s              |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | ynchronization |
   |                |                |                | was applied    |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Document       | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | General        | General        |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.2>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |                |
   | Content        | Content        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.17.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.35.16.3.1:

Acquisition Context SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.16.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the SR
Document Content Module is constrained to the following Enumerated
Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for Value Type
definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
TIME
UIDREF
PNAME
SCOORD3D
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.16.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the SR Document Content Module.

`table_title <#table_A.35.16-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Acquisition Context SR
IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | CODE, CONTAINER,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, NUM, PNAME, |
   |                   |                       | TEXT, TIME, UIDREF    |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | CODE, DATE, DATETIME, |
   |                   |                       | NUM, PNAME, TEXT,     |
   |                   |                       | TIME, UIDREF          |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CODE              | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | CODE                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | any type          | HAS CONCEPT MOD       | CODE, TEXT\ :sup:`1`  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CODE              | HAS PROPERTIES        | CODE, DATETIME, NUM,  |
   |                   |                       | SCOORD3D, TEXT        |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. note::

   1. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the Concept Name of a Source Content Item, for example to provide
      a more descriptive explanation, a different language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.16.3.1.3:

Template Constraints
                    

The document may be constructed from B invoked at the root node.

.. note::

   This IOD maybe used with other Templates defined for Acquisition
   Context.

.. _sect_A.35.17:

Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.17.1:

Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD is used to convey measurements
collected in association with an adult echocardiography procedure.

.. _sect_A.35.17.2:

Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.17.3:

Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.17-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD.

.. table:: Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | Series         | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | if time        |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | s              |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | ynchronization |
   |                |                |                | was applied    |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Document       | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | General        | General        |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.2>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |                |
   | Content        | Content        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.17.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Timezone       | `Timezone      | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.5>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.35.17.3.1:

Simplified Adult Echo SR IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.17.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.17.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the SR
Document Content Module is constrained to the following Enumerated
Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for Value Type
definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
UIDREF
PNAME
CONTAINER
IMAGE
SCOORD
WAVEFORM
TCOORD

.. _sect_A.35.17.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the SR Document Content Module.

`table_title <#table_A.35.17-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Simplified Adult Echo SR
IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | TEXT, CODE, NUM,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, UIDREF,     |
   |                   |                       | PNAME, CONTAINER      |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM   | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, UIDREF,     |
   |                   |                       | PNAME, CONTAINER      |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS ACQ CONTEXT       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, UIDREF,     |
   |                   |                       | PNAME, CONTAINER      |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | any type          | HAS CONCEPT MOD       | CODE, TEXT            |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM   | HAS PROPERTIES        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, UIDREF,     |
   |                   |                       | PNAME, CONTAINER      |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM   | INFERRED FROM         | TEXT, CODE, NUM,      |
   |                   |                       | DATETIME, UIDREF,     |
   |                   |                       | CONTAINER, IMAGE,     |
   |                   |                       | SCOORD, WAVEFORM,     |
   |                   |                       | TCOORD                |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | SCOORD            | SELECTED FROM         | IMAGE                 |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | TCOORD            | SELECTED FROM         | WAVEFORM              |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.18:

Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.18.1:

Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Patient Radiation Dose Structured Report IOD is used to convey the
information used in the calculations for estimating the radiation dose
to an individual Patient. The complexity of the calculations and the
precision of the resulting dose estimate will vary depending on the
need.

This IOD is not intended for determining patient dose from therapeutic
use of radiation in oncology settings. The therapeutic dose in oncology
settings is reported by the RT Dose IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.18.2:

Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. `table_title <#table_A.35.18-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.18.3:

Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Patient Radiation Dose Structured Report IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | Series         | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | S              | `S             | C - shall be   |
   | Reference      | ynchronization | ynchronization | present if     |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | system time is |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronized   |
   |                |                |                | to an external |
   |                |                |                | reference. May |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Document       | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |
   |                | General        | General        |                |
   |                |                | Module <#s     |                |
   |                |                | ect_C.17.2>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SR Document    | `SR Document   | M              |                |
   | Content        | Content        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.17.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.35.18.3.1:

Patient Radiation Dose SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.18.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document shall be constructed from B invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.18.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.18.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.18-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Patient Radiation Dose
SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, IMAGE,        |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE, CONTAINER |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER            | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | DATETIME, CODE,      |
   |                      |                      | TEXT, UIDREF, PNAME  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | COMPOSITE            |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, COMPOSITE     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, IMAGE,    | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | COMPOSITE            |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, CONTAINER     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | COMPOSITE            |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME, IMAGE,        |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE, CONTAINER |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | PNAME                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, UIDREF,    |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE, COMPOSITE,    |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   The SOP Classes to which an IMAGE or COMPOSITE Value Type may refer
   are documented in the Conformance Statement for an application (see
   and ).

.. _sect_A.35.19:

Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.19.1:

Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD is the plan for
administering imaging agent material to a specific patient during an
imaging study.

.. _sect_A.35.19.2:

Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE. The Frame Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.35.19.3:

Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD ModuleS

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.19.3.1:

Planned Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.19.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.19.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in the Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
UIDREF
PNAME
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.19.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.19-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Planned Imaging Agent
Administration SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME        |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER, NUM       | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`1` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME        |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the concept name of a parent node (or Source Content Item), with a
      modifier or qualifier in a child (target node) to provide a more
      descriptive explanation, a different coded language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.20:

Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.20.1:

Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD describes the imaging
agent delivery whether manual methods or automated power-injector
devices were used. It includes a reference to the Planned Imaging Agent
Administration Procedure SR SOP Instance if based on a plan.

.. _sect_A.35.20.2:

Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.20.3:

Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | Series            | Series            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M     |
   |                   | General           | General           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.17.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.20.3.1:

Performed Imaging Agent Administration SR IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.20.3.1.1:

Template
        

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.35.20.3.1.2:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in the Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the `SR
Document Content Module <#sect_C.17.3>`__ is constrained to the
following Enumerated Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for
Value Type definitions):

TEXT
CODE
NUM
DATETIME
DATE
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

.. _sect_A.35.20.3.1.3:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed by-value. `table_title <#table_A.35.20-2>`__ specifies the
relationship constraints of this IOD. See
`table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for Relationship Type definitions.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Performed Imaging Agent
Administration SR IOD

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Source Value Type    | Relationship Type    | Target Value Type    |
   |                      | (Enumerated Values)  |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | CONTAINER            | CONTAINS             | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     | HAS OBS CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | CONTAINER            |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CONTAINER,           | HAS ACQ CONTEXT      | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |                      | CONTAINER            |
   | NUM                  |                      |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | any type             | HAS CONCEPT MOD      | TEXT, CODE\ :sup:`2` |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PNAME                | HAS PROPERTIES       | TEXT, CODE,          |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME        |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | TEXT, CODE, NUM      | INFERRED FROM        | TEXT, CODE, NUM,     |
   |                      |                      | DATETIME, DATE,      |
   |                      |                      | UIDREF, PNAME,       |
   |                      |                      | IMAGE\ :sup:`1`,     |
   |                      |                      | WAVEFORM\ :sup:`1`,  |
   |                      |                      | COMPOSITE\ :sup:`1`, |
   |                      |                      | CONTAINER            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. note::

   1. The SOP Classes to which an IMAGE or WAVEFORM or COMPOSITE Value
      Type may refer, is documented in the Conformance Statement for an
      application (see and ).

   2. The HAS CONCEPT MOD relationship is used to modify the meaning of
      the concept name of a parent node (or Source Content Item), with a
      modifier or qualifier in a child (target node) to provide a more
      descriptive explanation, a different coded language translation,
      or to define a post-coordinated concept.

.. _sect_A.35.21:

Rendition Selection Document IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.35.21.1:

Rendition Selection Document IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Rendition Selection Document IOD associates a group of
time-synchronized Flows produced for a simultaneous presentation,
transported using DICOM-RTV.

.. _sect_A.35.21.2:

Rendition Selection Document IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the SR Document IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.35.21.3:

Rendition Selection Document IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.35.21-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Rendition Selection Document IOD.

.. table:: Rendition Selection Document IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Key Object        | `Key Object       | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.17.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Document          | Key Object        | `Key Object       | M     |
   |                   | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.17.6.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SR Document       | `SR Document      | M                 |       |
   | Content           | Content           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.35.21.3.1:

Rendition Selection Document IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.35.21.3.1.1:

Value Type
          

Value Type (0040,A040) in Content Sequence (0040,A730) of the SR
Document Content Module is constrained to the following Enumerated
Values (see `table_title <#table_C.17.3-7>`__ for Value Type
definitions):

TEXT
CODE
UIDREF
PNAME
COMPOSITE
IMAGE
WAVEFORM
CONTAINER

The IMAGE and WAVEFORM Content Items shall only include references to
SOP Instance UIDs of DICOM-RTV Metadata Flows.

.. _sect_A.35.21.3.1.2:

Relationship Constraints
                        

Relationships between Content Items in the content of this IOD shall be
conveyed in the by-value mode. See `table_title <#table_C.17.3-8>`__ for
Relationship Type definitions.

.. note::

   Relationships by-reference are forbidden. Therefore, Referenced
   Content Item Identifier (0040,DB73) is not present in any of the
   Content Items within the SR Document Content Module.

`table_title <#table_A.35.21-2>`__ specifies the relationship
constraints of this IOD.

.. table:: Relationship Content Constraints for Rendition Selection
Document IOD

   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | Source Value Type | Relationship Type     | Target Value Type     |
   |                   | (Enumerated Values)   |                       |
   +===================+=======================+=======================+
   | CONTAINER         | CONTAINS              | TEXT, IMAGE,          |
   |                   |                       | WAVEFORM, COMPOSITE   |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS OBS CONTEXT       | TEXT, CODE, UIDREF,   |
   |                   |                       | PNAME                 |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
   | CONTAINER         | HAS CONCEPT MOD       | CODE                  |
   +-------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

.. _sect_A.35.21.3.1.3:

Template Constraints
                    

The document shall be constructed from invoked at the root node.

.. _sect_A.36:

Enhanced MR Information Object Definitions
------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.36.1:

Relationship Between Enhanced MR IODs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`figure_title <#figure_A.36-1>`__ illustrates the relationships between
the Enhanced MR IODs described in `Enhanced MR Information Object
Definitions <#sect_A.36>`__.

Source Image Sequence (0008,2112), Referenced Image Sequence (0008,1140)
and Referenced Raw Data Sequence (0008,9121) provide references between
SOP Instances.

.. note::

   Many Attributes have names and descriptions that include the terms
   "pixel" and "image". Although MR spectroscopy is not pixel based,
   some of these "pixel" and "image" Attributes encode concepts that are
   still relevant for this technique. Where such Attributes appear in
   the MR Spectroscopy IOD, it may be helpful to consider the term
   "pixel" to be equivalent to a spectroscopy "voxel", and the term
   "image" to be equivalent to "MR Spectroscopy SOP Instance".

.. _sect_A.36.2:

Enhanced MR Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.36.2.1:

Enhanced MR Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Enhanced Magnetic Resonance (MR) Image Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies an image, which has been created by a magnetic resonance
device.

.. _sect_A.36.2.2:

Enhanced MR Image Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.36.2.3:

Enhanced MR Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced MR
Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced MR Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Series         | `MR Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | were applied.     |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bulk Motion       | `Bulk Motion      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | bulk motion       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.3>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Supplemental      | `Supplemental     | C - Required if   |       |
   | Palette Color     | Palette Color     | Pixel             |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,9205) in    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.19>`__ | the `Enhanced MR  |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.13.1>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | equals COLOR or   |       |
   |                   |                   | MIXED.            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced MR Image | `Enhanced MR      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Pulse Sequence | `MR Pulse         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Sequence          | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.4>`__ | 1 is ORIGINAL or  |       |
   |                   |                   | MIXED. May be     |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.36.2.3.1:

Enhanced MR Image IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not
be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Enhanced MR Image.

.. note::

   1. In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
      subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
      State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
      reference the image SOP Instance, may be used.

      No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations
      within the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are
      discouraged from using private extensions to circumvent this
      restriction.

      Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are
      generated during acquisition may be referenced from the Image SOP
      Instance by using the Referenced Grayscale Presentation State
      Sequence in the `MR Image and Spectroscopy Instance
      Macro <#sect_C.8.13.2>`__ invoked from the `Enhanced MR Image
      Module <#sect_C.8.13.1>`__. See `MR Image and Spectroscopy
      Instance Macro <#sect_C.8.13.2>`__.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      include in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has
      been retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present.
      See PS3.3-2004.

   3. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

The Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) defined in `Enhanced MR Image
Module <#sect_C.8.13.1>`__ `Enhanced MR Image
Module <#sect_C.8.13.1>`__, shall be MONOCHROME2.

.. _sect_A.36.2.4:

Enhanced MR Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced MR Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced MR Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | been planned on      |
   |                      |                      | another image or     |
   |                      |                      | frame. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE and  |
   |                      |                      | if Image Type        |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | C - Required if      |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       | Photometric          |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Interpretation       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ | (0028,0004) is       |
   |                      |                      | MONOCHROME2.         |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | U - May be used only |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | if Photometric       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ | Interpretation       |
   |                      |                      | (0028,0004) is       |
   |                      |                      | MONOCHROME2.         |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U - May be used only |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              | if Photometric       |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Interpretation       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ | (0028,0004) is       |
   |                      |                      | MONOCHROME2.         |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Usage                | Contrast/Bolus Agent |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Sequence (0018,0012) |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | is used.             |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Respiratory Motion   |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Compensation         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9170) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE,     |
   |                      |                      | REALTIME or          |
   |                      |                      | BREATH_HOLD and if   |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Image Frame Type  | `MR Image Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Timing and        | `MR Timing and       | C - Required if      |
   | Related Parameters   | Related Parameters   | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.2>`__ | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR FOV/Geometry      | `MR FOV/Geometry     | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Geometry of k-Space  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.3>`__ | Traversal            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9032) equals   |
   |                      |                      | RECTILINEAR and if   |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Echo              | `MR Echo             | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.4>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Modifier          | `MR Modifier         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.5>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Imaging Modifier  | `MR Imaging Modifier | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Receive Coil      | `MR Receive Coil     | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.7>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Transmit Coil     | `MR Transmit Coil    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.8>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Diffusion         | `MR Diffusion        | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Acquisition Contrast |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.9>`__ | (0008,9209) in any   |
   |                      |                      | MR Image Frame Type  |
   |                      |                      | Functional Group in  |
   |                      |                      | the SOP Instance     |
   |                      |                      | equals DIFFUSION and |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Averages          | `MR Averages         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Image Type           |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.10>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Spatial           | `MR Spatial          | C - Required if      |
   | Saturation           | Saturation           | Spatial              |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Pre-saturation       |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.11>`__ | (0018,9027) equals   |
   |                      |                      | SLAB for any frame   |
   |                      |                      | in the SOP Instance  |
   |                      |                      | and Image Type       |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Metabolite Map    | `MR Metabolite Map   | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Image Type           |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.12>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 3  |
   |                      |                      | equals               |
   |                      |                      | METABOLITE_MAP. May  |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Velocity Encoding | `MR Velocity         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Encoding             | Phase Contrast       |
   |                      | Macro <#             | (0018,9014) equals   |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.13>`__ | YES and Image Type   |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Arterial Spin     | `MR Arterial Spin    | C - Required if      |
   | Labeling             | Labeling             | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <#             | (0008,0008) Value 3  |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.14>`__ | is ASL. May be       |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional MR        | `Functional MR       | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.15>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.36.3:

MR Spectroscopy IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.36.3.1:

MR Spectroscopy IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Magnetic Resonance (MR) Spectroscopy Information Object Definition
(IOD) specifies spectroscopic data, which has been created by a magnetic
resonance device.

.. _sect_A.36.3.2:

MR Spectroscopy Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Spectroscopy IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.36.3.3:

MR Spectroscopy IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-3>`__ specifies the Modules of the MR
Spectroscopy IOD.

.. table:: MR Spectroscopy IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | MR Series      | `MR Series     | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.13.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | M              |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | C - Required   |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | if time        |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | s              |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | ynchronization |                |
   |                |                | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | MR             | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | C - Required   |
   | Spectroscopy   | Contrast/Bolus | Contrast/Bolus | if contrast    |
   |                |                | Module <#sec   | media were     |
   |                |                | t_C.7.6.4b>`__ | applied.       |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cardiac        | `Cardiac       | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if cardiac     |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Respiratory    | `Respiratory   | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if respiratory |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Bulk Motion    | `Bulk Motion   | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if bulk motion |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.3>`__ | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | MR             | `MR            | M              |                |
   | Spectroscopy   | Spectroscopy   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.14.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | MR             | `MR            | C - Required   |                |
   | Spectroscopy   | Spectroscopy   | if Image Type  |                |
   | Pulse Sequence | Pulse Sequence | (0008,0008)    |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | Value 1 is     |                |
   |                | t_C.8.14.2>`__ | ORIGINAL. May  |                |
   |                |                | be present     |                |
   |                |                | otherwise.     |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | MR             | `MR            | M              |                |
   | Spectroscopy   | Spectroscopy   |                |                |
   | Data           | Data           |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.14.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired, and its functionality
   replaced by the `Specimen Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.36.3.4:

MR Spectroscopy Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-4>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the MR Spectroscopy IOD.

.. table:: MR Spectroscopy Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | been planned on      |
   |                      |                      | another image or     |
   |                      |                      | frame. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE and  |
   |                      |                      | if Image Type        |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Usage                | Contrast/Bolus Agent |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Sequence (0018,0012) |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | is used.             |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Respiratory Motion   |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Compensation         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9170) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE,     |
   |                      |                      | REALTIME or          |
   |                      |                      | BREATH_HOLD and if   |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Spectroscopy      | `MR Spectroscopy     | M                    |
   | Frame Type           | Frame Type           |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.14.3.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Timing and        | `MR Timing and       | C - Required if      |
   | Related Parameters   | Related Parameters   | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.2>`__ | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Spectroscopy      | `MR Spectroscopy     | C - Required if      |
   | FOV/Geometry         | FOV/Geometry         | Geometry of k-Space  |
   |                      | Macro <              | Traversal            |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.14.3.2>`__ | (0018,9032) equals   |
   |                      |                      | RECTILINEAR and if   |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Echo              | `MR Echo             | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.4>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Modifier          | `MR Modifier         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.5>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Receive Coil      | `MR Receive Coil     | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.7>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Transmit Coil     | `MR Transmit Coil    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.8>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Diffusion         | `MR Diffusion        | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Acquisition Contrast |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.9>`__ | (0008,9209) in any   |
   |                      |                      | MR Image Frame Type  |
   |                      |                      | Functional Group in  |
   |                      |                      | the SOP Instance     |
   |                      |                      | equals DIFFUSION and |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Averages          | `MR Averages         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Image Type           |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.10>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Spatial           | `MR Spatial          | C - Required if      |
   | Saturation           | Saturation           | Spatial              |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Pre-saturation       |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.11>`__ | (0018,9027) equals   |
   |                      |                      | SLAB for any frame   |
   |                      |                      | in the SOP Instance  |
   |                      |                      | and Image Type       |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Velocity Encoding | `MR Velocity         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Encoding             | Phase Contrast       |
   |                      | Macro <#             | (0018,9014) equals   |
   |                      | sect_C.8.13.5.13>`__ | YES and Image Type   |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.36.4:

Enhanced MR Color Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.36.4.1:

Enhanced MR Color Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Enhanced Magnetic Resonance (MR) Color Image Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies an image, which has been created by a
magnetic resonance device.

.. _sect_A.36.4.2:

Enhanced MR Color Image Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.36.4.3:

Enhanced MR Color Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-5>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced MR
Color Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced MR Color Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Series         | `MR Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | were applied.     |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bulk Motion       | `Bulk Motion      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | bulk motion       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.3>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Imaging Subject   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ | is a specimen     |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced MR Image | `Enhanced MR      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Pulse Sequence | `MR Pulse         | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Sequence          | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.4>`__ | 1 is ORIGINAL or  |       |
   |                   |                   | MIXED. May be     |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.36.4.3.1:

Enhanced MR Color Image IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not
be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Enhanced MR Color Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Color Softcopy Presentation State
   Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that reference
   the image SOP Instance, may be used.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

Color Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are generated
during acquisition may be referenced from the Image SOP Instance by
using the Referenced Presentation State Sequence in the `MR Image and
Spectroscopy Instance Macro <#sect_C.8.13.2>`__ invoked from the
`Enhanced MR Image Module <#sect_C.8.13.1>`__. See `MR Image and
Spectroscopy Instance Macro <#sect_C.8.13.2>`__.

Photometric Interpretation (0028,0004) shall be RGB for uncompressed or
lossless compressed Transfer Syntaxes that do not have defined color
space transformations, YBR_ICT for irreversible JPEG2000 Transfer
Syntaxes, YBR_RCT for reversible JPEG2000 Transfer Syntaxes,
YBR_PARTIAL_420 for MPEG2, MPEG-4 AVC/H.264, HEVC/H.265 Transfer
Syntaxes and YBR_FULL_422 for JPEG lossy compressed Transfer Syntaxes
and YBR_FULL or RGB for RLE Transfer Syntaxes.

.. note::

   Future lossless and lossy Transfer Syntaxes may lead to the need for
   new definitions and choices for Photometric Interpretation.

Pixel Presentation (0008,9205) shall be TRUE_COLOR.

.. _sect_A.36.4.4:

Enhanced MR Color Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.36-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced MR Color Image IOD.

.. _sect_A.37:

Raw Data IOD
------------

.. _sect_A.37.1:

Raw Data IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Raw Data Information Object Definition (IOD) specifies raw data.

.. _sect_A.37.2:

Raw Data Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Raw Data IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.37.3:

Raw Data IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.37-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Raw Data
IOD.

.. table:: Raw Data IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Raw Data          | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M     |
   |                   | Context           | Context           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Raw Data          | `Raw Data         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.19.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired, and its functionality
   replaced by the `Specimen Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.38:

Enhanced Computed Tomography Image IOD
--------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.38.1:

Enhanced CT Image IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.38.1.1:

Enhanced CT Image IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Enhanced Computed Tomography (CT) Image Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies an image that has been created by a computed
tomography imaging device.

.. _sect_A.38.1.2:

Enhanced CT Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.38.1.3:

Enhanced CT Image IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.38-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced CT
Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced CT Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CT Series         | `CT Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.15.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied.      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Supplemental      | `Supplemental     | C - Required if   |       |
   | Palette Color     | Palette Color     | Pixel             |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,9205) in    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.19>`__ | the `Enhanced CT  |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.15.2>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | equals COLOR or   |       |
   |                   |                   | MIXED.            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced CT Image | `Enhanced CT      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.15.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Multi-energy CT   | Multi-energy CT   | Multi-energy CT   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0018,9361) is    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.15.4>`__ | YES.              |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.38.1.3.1:

Enhanced CT Image IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not
be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Enhanced CT Image.

.. note::

   1. In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
      subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
      State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
      reference the image SOP Instance, may be used.

      No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations
      within the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are
      discouraged from using private extensions to circumvent this
      restriction.

      Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are
      generated during acquisition may be referenced from the Image SOP
      Instance by using the Referenced Grayscale Presentation State
      Sequence in the `Enhanced CT Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__. See
      `Enhanced CT Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      include in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has
      been retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present.
      See PS3.3-2004.

   3. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

   4. The `Enhanced Contrast/Bolus Module <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ will be
      present even if images are processed to remove contrast
      information from the pixels, e.g. Virtual Non-Contrast images.

.. _sect_A.38.1.4:

Enhanced CT Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.38-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced CT Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced CT Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | been planned on      |
   |                      |                      | another image or     |
   |                      |                      | frame, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE and  |
   |                      |                      | if Image Type        |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | C - Required if      |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              | Multi-energy CT      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Acquisition          |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ | (0018,9361) is YES.  |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Usage                | Contrast/Bolus Agent |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Sequence (0018,0012) |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | is used.             |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Respiratory Motion   |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Compensation         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9170) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE,     |
   |                      |                      | REALTIME or          |
   |                      |                      | BREATH_HOLD and if   |
   |                      |                      | Image Type           |
   |                      |                      | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED. May be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | M                    |
   | Identification       | Identification       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Image Frame Type  | `CT Image Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Acquisition Type  | `CT Acquisition Type | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.2>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Acquisition       | `CT Acquisition      | C - Required if      |
   | Details              | Details              | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.3>`__ | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Table Dynamics    | `CT Table Dynamics   | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.4>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Position          | `CT Position         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.5>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Geometry          | `CT Geometry         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Reconstruction    | `CT Reconstruction   | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.7>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or MIXED |
   |                      |                      | and Acquisition Type |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9302) is other |
   |                      |                      | than CONSTANT_ANGLE, |
   |                      |                      | may be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Exposure          | `CT Exposure         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.8>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT X-Ray Details     | `CT X-Ray Details    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.9>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | is ORIGINAL or       |
   |                      |                      | MIXED, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Pixel Value       | `CT Pixel Value      | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.15.3.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Additional X-Ray  | `CT Additional X-Ray | C - Required if the  |
   | Source               | Source               | image is             |
   |                      | Macro <#             | reconstructed from a |
   |                      | sect_C.8.15.3.11>`__ | system with multiple |
   |                      |                      | X-Ray sources.       |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Multi-energy CT      | `Multi-energy CT     | C - Required if the  |
   | Processing           | Processing           | image pixel data     |
   |                      | Macro <#             | contains the results |
   |                      | sect_C.8.15.3.13>`__ | of Multi-energy      |
   |                      |                      | material processing. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Multi-energy CT      | `Multi-energy CT     | U                    |
   | Characteristics      | Characteristics      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.15.3.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

For Measurement Units Code Sequence (0040,08EA) in Real World Value
Mapping Sequence (0040,9096) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.39:

Spatial Registration Information Object Definitions
---------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.39.1:

Spatial Registration IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.39.1.1:

Spatial Registration IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Registration IOD specifies the spatial relationship between Frames
of Reference.

.. _sect_A.39.1.2:

Spatial Registration IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Registration IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.39.1.3:

Spatial Registration IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.39.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Spatial
Registration IOD.

.. table:: Spatial Registration IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | M                 |       |
   | Registration      | Registration      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.20.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | Spatial           | `Spatial          | M     |
   | Registration      | Registration      | Registration      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.20.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.39.2:

Deformable Spatial Registration IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.39.2.1:

Deformable Spatial Registration IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Deformable Spatial Registration Information Object Definition (IOD)
describes spatial relationships between images in one or more frames of
reference via deformation grids and transformation matrices. The
deformations and transformations describe to an application how to
sample data from one or more *Source* RCS into the *Registered* RCS.

The *Registered* RCS is the Frame of Reference specified within an
Instance of this IOD. The IOD may specify that only a subset of the
entire *Source* RCS Frame of Reference is affected by the
transformation, by specifying specific frames of image SOP Instances
that use the *Source* Frame of Reference.

The deformation is described as a grid of offset vectors. Each grid
element contains 3 values representing offset distances in the X, Y, and
Z directions at the center position of the deformation grid element. The
relationship between the data being deformed and the deformation grid is
purely spatial. Therefore the resolution of the grid is independent of
the data being deformed.

.. _sect_A.39.2.2:

Deformable Spatial Registration IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Registration IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.39.2.3:

Deformable Spatial Registration IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.39.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Deformable Spatial Registration IOD.

.. table:: Deformable Spatial Registration IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | `Spatial          | M                 |       |
   | Registration      | Registration      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.20.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial           | Deformable        | `Deformable       | M     |
   | Registration      | Spatial           | Spatial           |       |
   |                   | Registration      | Registration      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.20.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.40:

Spatial Fiducials IOD
---------------------

.. _sect_A.40.1:

Spatial Fiducials IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Fiducials IOD specifies the spatial relationship between the
Composite Fiducial Instance, to one or more images.

.. _sect_A.40.2:

Spatial Fiducials IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Spatial Fiducials IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.40.3:

Spatial Fiducials IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.40-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Spatial
Fiducials IOD.

.. table:: Spatial Fiducials IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial Fiducials | `Spatial          | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Fiducials Series  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.21.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Spatial Fiducials | Spatial Fiducials | `Spatial          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Fiducials         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.21.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.41:

Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD
--------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with several types
of ophthalmic photographic imaging devices including fundus cameras,
slit lamp cameras, scanning laser devices, stereoscopic cameras, video
equipment and digital photographic equipment, with 8 bit resolution per
pixel in each image plane.

.. _sect_A.41.1:

Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD specifies a single-frame or a
multi-frame image acquired on a digital photographic DICOM modality.
This IOD can be used to encode single ophthalmic images and cine
sequences.

.. _sect_A.41.2:

Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously include
   in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has been
   retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See
   PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.41.3:

Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast was      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | administered, see |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | `Contrast/Bolus   |       |
   |                   |                   | Agent             |       |
   |                   |                   | Sequence <#       |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_A.41.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | there is a        |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | sequential        |       |
   |                   |                   | temporal          |       |
   |                   |                   | relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | between all       |       |
   |                   |                   | frames            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography Image | Photography Image |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ocular Region     | `Ocular Region    | M                 |       |
   | Imaged            | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photographic      | Photographic      |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.41.4:

Ophthalmic Photography 8 Bit Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Series and Image Attributes take precedence
over the descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.41.4.1:

Bits Allocated, Bits Stored, and High Bit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Ophthalmic Photography 8 bit images, the Enumerated Value of Bits
Allocated (0028,0100) (`Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, `Image
Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__) shall be 8; the Enumerated Value of
Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be 8; and the Enumerated Value of High Bit
(0028,0102) shall be 7.

.. _sect_A.41.4.2:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.42:

Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD
---------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with several types
of ophthalmic photographic imaging devices including fundus cameras,
slit lamp cameras, scanning laser devices, stereoscopic cameras, video
equipment and digital photographic equipment, with16 bit resolution per
pixel in each image plane.

.. _sect_A.42.1:

Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD specifies a single-frame or
a multi-frame image acquired on a digital photographic DICOM modality.
This IOD can be used to encode single ophthalmic images and other
combinations including cine sequences.

.. _sect_A.42.2:

Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously include
   in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has been
   retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See
   PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.42.3:

Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M     |
   | Reference         |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast was      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | administered; See |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | `Contrast/Bolus   |       |
   |                   |                   | Agent             |       |
   |                   |                   | Sequence <#       |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_A.42.4.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | there is a        |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | sequential        |       |
   |                   |                   | temporal          |       |
   |                   |                   | relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | between all       |       |
   |                   |                   | frames            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography Image | Photography Image |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ocular Region     | `Ocular Region    | M                 |       |
   | Imaged            | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photographic      | Photographic      |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.42.4:

Ophthalmic Photography 16 Bit Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Series and Image Attributes take precedence
over the descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.42.4.1:

Bits Allocated, Bits Stored, and High Bit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Ophthalmic Photography 16 bit images, the Enumerated Value of Bits
Allocated (0028,0100) (`Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__, `Image
Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__) shall be 16; the Enumerated Value of
Bits Stored (0028,0101) shall be 16; and the Enumerated Value of High
Bit (0028,0102) shall be 15.

.. _sect_A.42.4.2:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.43:

Stereometric Relationship IOD
-----------------------------

.. _sect_A.43.1:

Stereometric Relationship IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines an Information Object to be used for linking
together images belonging to stereoscopic pairs. A Series IE will
typically contain a single Stereometric Relationship IE that references
one or more sets of stereoscopic images. Stereoscopic pairs for
ophthalmic photographic imaging may include single images, multi-frame
images, or cine images.

.. _sect_A.43.2:

Stereometric Relationship IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Stereometric Relationship IE below
the Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.43.3:

Stereometric Relationship IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Stereometric Relationship IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Stereometric      | `Stereometric     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.18.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Stereometric      | Stereometric      | `Stereometric     | M     |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      | Relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.18.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.44:

Hanging Protocol IOD
--------------------

.. _sect_A.44.1:

Hanging Protocol IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A Hanging Protocol entity specifies the viewing preferences of a
specific user or group, for a specific type of Study (Modality, Anatomy,
Laterality combination, and optionally Procedure, and/or Reason), that
may be exchanged between connecting devices that claim conformance to
the DICOM Standard. The Hanging Protocol contains information about the
Hanging Protocol, the creator, the type of Study it addresses, the type
of image sets to display, the intended display environment, and the
intended layout for the screen(s).

.. _sect_A.44.2:

Hanging Protocol IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A Hanging Protocol is not related to other Information Entities of the
DICOM real-world model, as it is not associated with a specific Patient.
The E-R model for the Hanging Protocol IOD is shown in
`figure_title <#figure_A.44.2-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.44.3:

Hanging Protocol IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.44.3-1>`__ lists the Modules that make up the
Hanging Protocol IOD.

.. table:: Hanging Protocol IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Hanging Protocol  | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Hanging Protocol  | `Hanging Protocol | M                 |       |
   | Definition        | Definition        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.23.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Hanging Protocol  | `Hanging Protocol | M                 |       |
   | Environment       | Environment       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.23.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Hanging Protocol  | `Hanging Protocol | M                 |       |
   | Display           | Display           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.23.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.45:

Encapsulated Document IOD
-------------------------

.. _sect_A.45.1:

Encapsulated PDF IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.45.1.1:

Encapsulated PDF IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated PDF Information Object Definition (IOD) describes a PDF
document that has been encapsulated within a DICOM Information Object.

.. _sect_A.45.1.2:

Encapsulated PDF Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Encapsulated Document IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.45.1.3:

Encapsulated PDF IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.45.1-1>`__ specifies the Encapsulated PDF IOD
Modules.

.. table:: Encapsulated PDF IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Equipment      | `SC Equipment     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Encapsulated      | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   | Document          | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.45.1.4:

Encapsulated PDF IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.45.1.4.1:

MIME Type of Encapsulated Document
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

application/pdf

.. _sect_A.45.2:

Encapsulated CDA IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.45.2.1:

Encapsulated CDA IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated CDA Information Object Definition (IOD) describes an
HL7 Clinical Document Architecture (CDA) document that has been
encapsulated within a DICOM Information Object.

.. _sect_A.45.2.2:

Encapsulated CDA Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Encapsulated Document IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.45.2.3:

Encapsulated CDA IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.45.2-1>`__ specifies the Encapsulated CDA IOD
Modules.

.. table:: Encapsulated CDA IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SC Equipment      | `SC Equipment     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.6.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Encapsulated      | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   | Document          | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.45.2.4:

Encapsulated CDA IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Encapsulated Document (0042,0011) Attribute shall contain an HL7 CDA
document of Release 2 or later. Any non-XML multimedia content shall be
encoded in-line.

text/XML

.. _sect_A.46:

Real World Value Mapping IOD
----------------------------

.. _sect_A.46.1:

Real World Value Mapping IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Real World Value Mapping Information Object Definition specifies a
mapping of the stored pixel values of referenced images into some Real
World value in defined units. This allows the capture of retrospectively
determined mappings, e.g., for values that cannot be determined at the
time of image acquisition and encoding.

.. note::

   A particular use case is mapping of PET pixel values to counts,
   concentration, or standardized uptake values (SUVs) normalized by one
   of several factors.

.. _sect_A.46.2:

Real World Value Mapping IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Real World Value Mapping IE below
the Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.46.3:

Real World Value Mapping IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Real World Value Mapping IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Real World Value  | `Real World Value | M                 |       |
   | Mapping Series    | Mapping Series    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.25.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Real World Value  | Real World Value  | `Real World Value | M     |
   | Mapping           | Mapping           | Mapping           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.25.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.47:

Enhanced XA Image IOD
---------------------

.. _sect_A.47.1:

Enhanced XA Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines the enhanced Information Object for single plane
X-Ray Angiographic Imaging that includes those Attributes and
Information Objects necessary for the interchange of digital X-Ray
Angiographic data. This includes images of the heart and all blood
vessels.

The enhanced XA IOD is also applicable to clinical areas other than
angiography (e.g., Interventional Procedures, Myelography,
Biopsy/Localization, and Neurology).

.. note::

   1. For the purpose of X-Ray Angiography (XA), this enhanced IOD can
      be used to encode a single-frame image, or a Cine Run, or a single
      multi-frame image with non-time related dimensions.

   2. A typical Study might include all the images generated between the
      time a Patient gets on and gets off the procedure table. As
      several separable diagnostic or therapeutic processes may occur
      during a single Study (e.g., pre-intervention CA, left
      ventriculography, and post-intervention CA), a Series may be
      defined as comprising a set of images (single or multi-frame)
      associated with one such process within a Study.

   3. This enhanced IOD can be used to encode a single plane
      acquisition, or one plane of a biplane acquisition.

.. _sect_A.47.2:

Enhanced XA Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.47.3:

Enhanced XA Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.47-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced XA
Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced XA Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | XA/XRF Series  | `XA/XRF Series | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if C-arm       |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Positioner     |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Tabletop       |
   |                |                |                | Relationship   |
   |                |                |                | (0018,9474)    |
   |                |                |                | equals YES.    |
   |                |                |                | May be present |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | C - Required   |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | if C-arm       |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | Positioner     |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | Tabletop       |                |
   |                |                | Relationship   |                |
   |                |                | (0018,9474)    |                |
   |                |                | equals YES.    |                |
   |                |                | May be present |                |
   |                |                | otherwise.     |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | C - Required   |                |
   | Contrast/Bolus | Contrast/Bolus | if contrast    |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | media was      |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.4b>`__ | applied and    |                |
   |                |                | the system is  |                |
   |                |                | able to        |                |
   |                |                | register       |                |
   |                |                | contrast       |                |
   |                |                | usage.         |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Mask           | `Mask          | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.10>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Device         | `Device        | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.12>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Intervention   | `Intervention  | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.13>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | U              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cardiac        | `Cardiac       | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if cardiac     |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Respiratory    | `Respiratory   | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if respiratory |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray          | `X-Ray         | U              |                |
   | Filtration     | Filtration     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.7.10>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray Grid     | `X-Ray Grid    | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.7.11>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | XA/XRF Image   | XA/XRF Image   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | XA/XRF         | `XA/XRF        | C - Required   |                |
   | Acquisition    | Acquisition    | if Image Type  |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | (0008,0008)    |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.3>`__ | Value 1 equals |                |
   |                |                | ORIGINAL. May  |                |
   |                |                | be present     |                |
   |                |                | otherwise.     |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray Image    | `X-Ray Image   | C - Required   |                |
   | Intensifier    | Intensifier    | if X-Ray       |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | Receptor Type  |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.4>`__ | (0018,9420) is |                |
   |                |                | present and    |                |
   |                |                | equals         |                |
   |                |                | IM             |                |
   |                |                | G_INTENSIFIER. |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | X-Ray Detector | `X-Ray         | C - Required   |                |
   |                | Detector       | if X-Ray       |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | Receptor Type  |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.5>`__ | (0018,9420) is |                |
   |                |                | present and    |                |
   |                |                | equals         |                |
   |                |                | DIG            |                |
   |                |                | ITAL_DETECTOR. |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | XA/XRF         | `XA/XRF        | U              |                |
   | Multi-frame    | Multi-frame    |                |                |
   | Presentation   | Presentation   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.19.7>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.47.3.1:

Enhanced XA Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.47.3.1.1:

Modality Attribute
''''''''''''''''''

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value XA.

.. _sect_A.47.3.1.2:

Overlay Plane, Curve, VOI LUT and Specimen Identification Modules
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and `Softcopy Presentation LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the Enhanced XA Image.

.. note::

   1. The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional
      Group.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      include in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has
      been retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present.
      See PS3.3-2004.

   3. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.47.3.1.3:

Positioner Type
'''''''''''''''

Positioner Type (0018,1508) shall have the value CARM if the `XA/XRF
Acquisition Module <#sect_C.8.19.3>`__ is present.

.. _sect_A.47.4:

Enhanced XA Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.47-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced XA Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced XA Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Intensity      | `Pixel Intensity     | C - Required if      |
   | Relationship LUT     | Relationship LUT     | Pixel Intensity      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Relationship         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.13>`__ | (0028,1040) equals   |
   |                      |                      | LOG. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Pixel Shift    | `Frame Pixel Shift   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.14>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Patient Orientation  | `Patient Orientation | C - Required if      |
   | in Frame             | in Frame             | C-arm Positioner     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Tabletop             |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.15>`__ | Relationship         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9474) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | YES. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Display        | `Frame Display       | U                    |
   | Shutter              | Shutter <#se         |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.16>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | M                    |
   | Identification       | Identification       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Characteristics      | Characteristics      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Field of View  | `X-Ray Field of View | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Isocenter Reference  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.2>`__ | System Sequence      |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9462) is       |
   |                      |                      | present. May be      |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Exposure       | `X-Ray Exposure      | U                    |
   | Control Sensing      | Control Sensing      |                      |
   | Regions              | Regions              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Pixel    | `X-Ray Frame Pixel   | M                    |
   | Data Properties      | Data Properties      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Detector | `X-Ray Frame         | C - Required if      |
   | Parameters           | Detector Parameters  | X-Ray Receptor Type  |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0018,9420) is       |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.5>`__ | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | DIGITAL_DETECTOR.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Calibration    | `X-Ray Calibration   | U                    |
   | Device Usage         | Device Usage         |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.6>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Object         | `X-Ray Object        | U                    |
   | Thickness            | Thickness            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Acquisition          | Acquisition          |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Projection     | `X-Ray Projection    | C - Required if      |
   | Pixel Calibration    | Pixel Calibration    | C-arm Positioner     |
   |                      | Macro <              | Tabletop             |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.9>`__ | Relationship         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9474) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | YES.                 |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Positioner     | `X-Ray Positioner    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Image Type           |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.10>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals ORIGINAL and  |
   |                      |                      | C-arm Positioner     |
   |                      |                      | Tabletop             |
   |                      |                      | Relationship         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9474) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | YES. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Table Position | `X-Ray Table         | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Position             | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <#             | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.11>`__ | equals ORIGINAL and  |
   |                      |                      | C-arm Positioner     |
   |                      |                      | Tabletop             |
   |                      |                      | Relationship         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9474) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | YES. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Collimator     | `X-Ray Collimator    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Image Type           |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.12>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals ORIGINAL. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Isocenter      | `X-Ray Isocenter     | U - May not be used  |
   | Reference System     | Reference System     | if C-arm Positioner  |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Tabletop             |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.13>`__ | Relationship         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9474) is not   |
   |                      |                      | present or equals    |
   |                      |                      | NO.                  |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Geometry       | `X-Ray Geometry      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#             | Projection Pixel     |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.14>`__ | Calibration Sequence |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9401) is       |
   |                      |                      | present. May be      |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.47.4.1:

Enhanced XA Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.47.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.48:

Enhanced XRF Image IOD
----------------------

.. _sect_A.48.1:

Enhanced XRF Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Enhanced XRF IOD is to address the requirements for
image transfer found in general Radiofluoroscopic applications performed
on a table with a column. For applications performed on X-Ray RF
acquisition systems that support a Patient-Based Coordinate System with
cranial/caudal, LAO/RAO angles, etc. the enhanced XA Image IOD may be
used.

.. note::

   1. An example of a case where the enhanced XA IOD may be preferred to
      the enhanced RF IOD are RF acquisition system equipped with an
      X-Ray source and an image Receptor positioned by what is generally
      called a C-arm (e.g., Interventional Procedures, Myelography,
      Biopsy, and Neurology).

   2. For the purpose of X-Ray Radiofluoroscopy, this IOD can be used to
      encode a single-frame image, or a cine run, or a single
      multi-frame image with non-time related dimensions.

   3. A typical Study might include all the images generated between the
      time a Patient gets on and gets off the procedure table. As
      several separable diagnostic or therapeutic processes may occur
      during a single Study, a Series may be defined as comprising a set
      of images (single or multi-frame) associated with one such process
      within a Study.

.. _sect_A.48.2:

Enhanced XRF Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.48.3:

Enhanced XRF Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.48-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced
XRF Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced XRF Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF Series     | `XA/XRF Series    | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied and   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | the system is     |       |
   |                   |                   | able to register  |       |
   |                   |                   | contrast usage.   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Mask              | `Mask             | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Tomography  | `X-Ray Tomography | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.8.7.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Filtration  | `X-Ray Filtration | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Grid        | `X-Ray Grid       | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.7.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced XA/XRF   | `Enhanced XA/XRF  | M                 |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF            | `XA/XRF           | C - Required if   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       | Image Type        |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0008) Value |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.3>`__ | 1 equals          |       |
   |                   |                   | ORIGINAL. May be  |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Image       | `X-Ray Image      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Intensifier       | Intensifier       | X-Ray Receptor    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Type (0018,9420)  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.4>`__ | is present and    |       |
   |                   |                   | equals            |       |
   |                   |                   | IMG_INTENSIFIER.  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray Detector    | `X-Ray Detector   | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | X-Ray Receptor    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.5>`__ | Type (0018,9420)  |       |
   |                   |                   | is present and    |       |
   |                   |                   | equals            |       |
   |                   |                   | DIGITAL_DETECTOR. |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | XA/XRF            | `XA/XRF           | U                 |       |
   | Multi-frame       | Multi-frame       |                   |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.19.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.48.3.1:

Enhanced XRF Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.48.3.1.1:

Modality Attribute
''''''''''''''''''

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value RF.

.. _sect_A.48.3.1.2:

Overlay Plane, Curve, VOI LUT and Specimen Identification Modules
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and `Softcopy Presentation LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the Enhanced XRF Image.

.. note::

   1. The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional
      Group.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      include in the list of Modules that shall not be present, but has
      been retired from DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present.
      See PS3.3-2004.

   3. The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was
      previously included in this IOD but has been retired, and its
      functionality replaced by the `Specimen
      Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.48.3.1.3:

Positioner Type
'''''''''''''''

Positioner Type (0018,1508) shall have the value COLUMN if the `XA/XRF
Acquisition Module <#sect_C.8.19.3>`__ is present.

.. _sect_A.48.4:

Enhanced XRF Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.48-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced XRF Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced XRF Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Intensity      | `Pixel Intensity     | C - Required if      |
   | Relationship LUT     | Relationship LUT     | Pixel Intensity      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Relationship         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.13>`__ | (0028,1040) equals   |
   |                      |                      | LOG. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Pixel Shift    | `Frame Pixel Shift   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.14>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Patient Orientation  | `Patient Orientation | U                    |
   | in Frame             | in Frame             |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.15>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Display        | `Frame Display       | U                    |
   | Shutter              | Shutter <#se         |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.16>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | M                    |
   | Identification       | Identification       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Characteristics      | Characteristics      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Field of View  | `X-Ray Field of View | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Exposure       | `X-Ray Exposure      | U                    |
   | Control Sensing      | Control Sensing      |                      |
   | Regions              | Regions              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Pixel    | `X-Ray Frame Pixel   | M                    |
   | Data Properties      | Data Properties      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Detector | `X-Ray Frame         | C - Required if      |
   | Parameters           | Detector Parameters  | X-Ray Receptor Type  |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0018,9420) is       |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.5>`__ | present and equals   |
   |                      |                      | DIGITAL_DETECTOR.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Calibration    | `X-Ray Calibration   | U                    |
   | Device Usage         | Device Usage         |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.6>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Object         | `X-Ray Object        | U                    |
   | Thickness            | Thickness            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Acquisition          | Acquisition          |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Positioner     | `X-Ray Positioner    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Table Position | `X-Ray Table         | U                    |
   |                      | Position             |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Collimator     | `X-Ray Collimator    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Geometry       | `X-Ray Geometry      | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.14>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.48.4.1:

Enhanced XRF Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.48.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.49:

RT Ion Plan IOD
---------------

.. _sect_A.49.1:

RT Ion Plan IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The focus for this Radiotherapy Ion Plan IOD (RT Ion Plan IOD) is to
address the requirements for transfer of treatment plans generated by
manual entry, a virtual simulation system, or a treatment planning
system before or during a course of Ion therapy treatment. Such plans
may contain fractionation information, and define Ion beams.

.. _sect_A.49.2:

RT Ion Plan IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Plan IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.49.3:

RT Ion Plan IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.49-1>`__ identifies and defines the Modules that
comprise this IOD. Modules listed are either mandatory or optional as
specified in . Mandatory Modules contain Attributes that are included in
all SOP Instances employing this IOD.

.. table:: RT Ion Plan IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Plan              | RT General Plan   | `RT General Plan  | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.9>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Prescription   | `RT Prescription  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Ion Tolerance  | `RT Ion Tolerance | U                 |       |
   | Tables            | Tables            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.24>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Patient Setup  | `RT Patient Setup | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Fraction       | `RT Fraction      | U                 |       |
   | Scheme            | Scheme            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Ion Beams      | `RT Ion Beams     | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | `RT Fraction      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.25>`__ | Scheme            |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.13>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | is included and   |       |
   |                   |                   | Number of Beams   |       |
   |                   |                   | (300A,0080) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | greater than zero |       |
   |                   |                   | for one or more   |       |
   |                   |                   | fraction groups   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Approval          | `Approval         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.50:

RT Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD
---------------------------------

.. _sect_A.50.1:

RT Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Radiotherapy Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD (RT Ion Beams Treatment
Record IOD) addresses the requirements for transfer of treatment session
reports generated by a treatment verification system during a course of
Ion beam treatment, with optional cumulative summary information. It may
also be used for transfer of treatment information during delivery.

.. _sect_A.50.2:

RT Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Treatment Record IE below the
Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.50.3:

RT Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.50-1>`__ identifies and defines the Modules that
comprise this IOD. Modules listed are either mandatory or optional as
specified in . Mandatory Modules contain Attributes that are included in
all SOP Instances employing this IOD.

.. table:: RT Ion Beams Treatment Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | RT Series         | `RT Series        | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.8.8.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Treatment Record  | RT General        | `RT General       | M     |
   |                   | Treatment Record  | Treatment Record  |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.17>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Patient Setup  | `RT Patient Setup | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | M                 |       |
   | Machine Record    | Machine Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measured Dose     | `Measured Dose    | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Calculated Dose   | `Calculated Dose  | U                 |       |
   | Reference Record  | Reference Record  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Ion Beams      | `RT Ion Beams     | M                 |       |
   | Session Record    | Session Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.26>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | U                 |       |
   | Summary Record    | Summary Record    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.8.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.51:

Segmentation IOD
----------------

.. _sect_A.51.1:

Segmentation IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Segmentation Information Object Definition (IOD) specifies a
multi-frame image representing a classification of pixels in one or more
referenced images. Segmentations are either binary or fractional. If the
referenced images have a defined Frame of Reference, the Segmentation
Instance shall have the same Frame of Reference and is not required to
have the same spatial sampling or extent as the referenced images. If
the referenced image does not have a defined Frame of Reference, the
Segmentation Instance shall have the same spatial sampling and extent as
the referenced image.

The Segmentation IOD does not include the full set of acquisition
parameters of the referenced images, e.g., cardiac phase. An application
rendering or processing the segmentation may need to access the
referenced images for such information.

.. _sect_A.51.2:

Segmentation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.51.3:

Segmentation IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.51-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Segmentation IOD.

.. table:: Segmentation IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Segmentation   | `Segmentation  | M              |                |
   | Series         | Series         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.20.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if Derivation  |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Image          |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Functional     |
   |                |                |                | Group          |
   |                |                |                | (`Derivation   |
   |                |                |                | Image          |
   |                |                |                | Ma             |
   |                |                |                | cro <#sect_C.7 |
   |                |                |                | .6.16.2.6>`__) |
   |                |                |                | is not         |
   |                |                |                | present. May   |
   |                |                |                | be present     |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | General Image  | `General Image | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | General        | `General       | U              |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Segmentation   | `Segmentation  | M              |                |
   | Image          | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.20.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Specimen       | `Specimen      | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.22>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | C - Required   |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       | if Derivation  |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Image          |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Functional     |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ | Group          |                |
   |                |                | (`Derivation   |                |
   |                |                | Image          |                |
   |                |                | Ma             |                |
   |                |                | cro <#sect_C.7 |                |
   |                |                | .6.16.2.6>`__) |                |
   |                |                | is present.    |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired, and its functionality
   replaced by the `Specimen Module <#sect_C.7.6.22>`__. See PS3.3-2008.

.. _sect_A.51.4:

Segmentation IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be present.

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__ shall not be present.

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

Pixel Padding Value (0028,0120) shall not be present.

For Purpose of Reference Code Sequence (0040,A170) within Source
Instance Sequence (0042,0013) in the General Reference Module D shall be
used.

.. _sect_A.51.5:

Segmentation Functional Groups
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.51-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Segmentation IOD.

.. table:: Segmentation Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Derivation Image     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | Functional Group     |
   |                      |                      | (`Derivation Image   |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__) |
   |                      |                      | is not present and   |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the               |
   |                      |                      | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System. May be       |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise if |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the               |
   |                      |                      | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System. See          |
   |                      |                      | `Segmentation        |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | Description          |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_A.51.5.1>`__ |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Derivation Image     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Functional Group     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | (`Derivation Image   |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__) |
   |                      |                      | is not present and   |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the               |
   |                      |                      | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System. May be       |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise if |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the               |
   |                      |                      | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System. See          |
   |                      |                      | `Segmentation        |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | Description          |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_A.51.5.1>`__ |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Derivation Image     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Functional Group     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | (`Derivation Image   |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__) |
   |                      |                      | is not present. May  |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise. See       |
   |                      |                      | `Segmentation        |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | Description          |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_A.51.5.1>`__ |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Slide)              | (Slide)              | Derivation Image     |
   |                      | Macro <              | Functional Group     |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.12.6.1>`__ | (`Derivation Image   |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__) |
   |                      |                      | is not present and   |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the Slide         |
   |                      |                      | Coordinate System    |
   |                      |                      | and Dimension        |
   |                      |                      | Organization Type    |
   |                      |                      | (0020,9311) is not   |
   |                      |                      | TILED_FULL. May be   |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise if |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the Slide         |
   |                      |                      | Coordinate System.   |
   |                      |                      | See `Segmentation    |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | Description          |
   |                      |                      | <#sect_A.51.5.1>`__. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Pixel Measures       |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | (`Pixel Measures     |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__) |
   |                      |                      | or either Plane      |
   |                      |                      | Position (Patient)   |
   |                      |                      | (`Plane Position     |
   |                      |                      | (Patient)            |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__) |
   |                      |                      | or Plane Orientation |
   |                      |                      | (Patient) (`Plane    |
   |                      |                      | Orientation          |
   |                      |                      | (Patient)            |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#se           |
   |                      |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__) |
   |                      |                      | (if the Frame of     |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the               |
   |                      |                      | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System), or Plane    |
   |                      |                      | Position (Slide)     |
   |                      |                      | (`Plane Position     |
   |                      |                      | (Slide)              |
   |                      |                      | Macro <#             |
   |                      |                      | sect_C.8.12.6.1>`__) |
   |                      |                      | (if the Frame of     |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the Slide         |
   |                      |                      | Coordinate System)   |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | are not present. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise. See       |
   |                      |                      | `Segmentation        |
   |                      |                      | Functional Groups    |
   |                      |                      | Description          |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_A.51.5.1>`__ |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Segmentation         | `Segmentation        | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.20.3.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.51.5.1:

Segmentation Functional Groups Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When a Frame of Reference UID is present the segment shall be specified
within that coordinate system, using the Pixel Measures and either the
Plane Position (Patient) and Plane Orientation (Patient), or the Plane
Position (Slide) Functional Groups. Since this defines the spatial
relationship of the segment, the size of the segmentation frames need
not be the same size, or resolution, as the image data used to generate
the segment data. The Derivation Image Functional Group may also be
present, to specify on which images the segmentation was actually
performed (since there may be others in the same Frame of Reference that
are spatially co-located, but were not used to perform the
segmentation).

If the Frame of Reference UID is not present, each pixel of the
segmentation shall correspond to a pixel in a referenced image, using
the Derivation Image Functional Group. Hence, the rows and columns of
each referenced image will match the segmentation image. If both the
Frame of Reference UID and the Derivation Image Functional Group are
present, the segmentation and referenced image pixels need not
correspond.

The value of Purpose of Reference Sequence (0040,A170) in the Derivation
Image Functional Group Macro shall be (121322, DCM, "Source Image for
Image Processing Operation"). The value of Derivation Code Sequence
(0008,9215) shall be (113076, DCM, "Segmentation").

.. note::

   Non-image source Instances used during segmentation, such as real
   world value maps, can be described in the top level Data Set in the
   Source Instance Sequence (0042,0013) of the General Reference Module
   and are implied to have been used for the derivation of all frames.
   I.e., there is no mechanism for selectively specifying on a per-frame
   basis which non-Image Instances were used. Real World Value Map
   Instances already contain a means of selectively applying different
   scale factors to different frames.

.. _sect_A.52:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD
-------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with optical
ophthalmic tomographic imaging devices, including optical coherence
scanners and confocal scanning laser ophthalmoscopes, but excluding
ophthalmic ultrasound devices.

.. _sect_A.52.1:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD specifies a single-frame or a
multi-frame image acquired on an Ophthalmic Tomography modality. This
IOD can be used to encode both single and multi-frame ophthalmic images.

.. _sect_A.52.2:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.52.3:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Patient        | Patient        | `Patient       | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Subject        | Trial Subject  |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Study          | General Study  | `General Study | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.2.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Patient Study  | `Patient Study | U              |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Study          | Trial Study    |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.2.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Series         | General Series | `General       | M              |
   |                |                | Series         |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.3.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Clinical Trial | `Clinical      | U              |                |
   | Series         | Trial Series   |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.3.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Ophthalmic     | `Ophthalmic    | M              |                |
   | Tomography     | Tomography     |                |                |
   | Series         | Series         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.17.6>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame of       | Frame of       | `Frame of      | C - Required   |
   | Reference      | Reference      | Reference      | if Ophthalmic  |
   |                |                | Module <#se    | Photography    |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.4.1>`__ | Reference      |
   |                |                |                | Image          |
   |                |                |                | available or   |
   |                |                |                | if Ophthalmic  |
   |                |                |                | Volumetric     |
   |                |                |                | Properties     |
   |                |                |                | Flag           |
   |                |                |                | (0022,1622) is |
   |                |                |                | YES. May be    |
   |                |                |                | present        |
   |                |                |                | otherwise.     |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | S              | `S             | C - Required   |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | if Ophthalmic  |                |
   |                | Module <#se    | Photography    |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.4.2>`__ | Reference      |                |
   |                |                | Image          |                |
   |                |                | available      |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Equipment      | General        | `General       | M              |
   |                | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.5.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | M              |                |
   | General        | General        |                |                |
   | Equipment      | Equipment      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#se    |                |                |
   |                | ct_C.7.5.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Image          | Image Pixel    | `Image Pixel   | M              |
   |                |                | Module <#se    |                |
   |                |                | ct_C.7.6.3>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Enhanced       | `Enhanced      | C - Required   |                |
   | Contrast/Bolus | Contrast/Bolus | if contrast    |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   | was            |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.4b>`__ | administered   |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Functional     | Functional     |                |                |
   | Groups         | Groups         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.16>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Multi-frame    | `Multi-frame   | M              |                |
   | Dimension      | Dimension      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.17>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Acquisition    | `Acquisition   | M              |                |
   | Context        | Context        |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.7.6.14>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Cardiac        | `Cardiac       | C - Required   |                |
   | S              | S              | if cardiac     |                |
   | ynchronization | ynchronization | s              |                |
   |                | Module <#sect_ | ynchronization |                |
   |                | C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was used       |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Ophthalmic     | `Ophthalmic    | M              |                |
   | Tomography     | Tomography     |                |                |
   | Image          | Image          |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.17.7>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Ophthalmic     | `Ophthalmic    | M              |                |
   | Tomography     | Tomography     |                |                |
   | Acquisition    | Acquisition    |                |                |
   | Parameters     | Parameters     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.17.8>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Ophthalmic     | `Ophthalmic    | M              |                |
   | Tomography     | Tomography     |                |                |
   | Parameters     | Parameters     |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.17.9>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Ocular Region  | `Ocular Region | M              |                |
   | Imaged         | Imaged         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.8.17.5>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Common         | `Common        | U              |                |
   | Instance       | Instance       |                |                |
   | Reference      | Reference      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Frame          | `Frame         | C - Required   |                |
   | Extraction     | Extraction     | if the SOP     |                |
   |                | Module <#s     | Instance was   |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.3>`__ | created in     |                |
   |                |                | response to a  |                |
   |                |                | Frame-Level    |                |
   |                |                | retrieve       |                |
   |                |                | request        |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.52.4:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Image Attributes take precedence over the
descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.52.4.1:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012), the Defined Context Group
is 4200.

.. _sect_A.52.4.2:

Overlay Plane Module and VOI LUT Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the Ophthalmic Tomography Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
   State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
   reference the image SOP Instance may be used.

Pseudo-color presentation information may be applied through the use of
separate Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State SOP Instances.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

.. _sect_A.52.4.3:

Ophthalmic Tomography Image Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.52.4.3-1>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Ophthalmic Tomography Image IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Tomography Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if no   |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Ophthalmic           |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Photography          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | Reference Image is   |
   |                      |                      | available or if      |
   |                      |                      | Ophthalmic           |
   |                      |                      | Volumetric           |
   |                      |                      | Properties Flag      |
   |                      |                      | (0022,1622) is YES;  |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if no   |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Ophthalmic           |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Photography          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | Reference Image is   |
   |                      |                      | available or if      |
   |                      |                      | Ophthalmic           |
   |                      |                      | Volumetric           |
   |                      |                      | Properties Flag      |
   |                      |                      | (0022,1622) is YES;  |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Ophthalmic           |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | Photography          |
   |                      |                      | Reference Image is   |
   |                      |                      | available.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Usage                | Contrast/Bolus Agent |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Sequence (0018,0012) |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | is used. May not be  |
   |                      |                      | used as a Shared     |
   |                      |                      | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Ophthalmic Frame     | `Ophthalmic Frame    | U                    |
   | Location             | Location             |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.17.10.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.53:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD
-------------------------------

.. _sect_A.53.1:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines the Information Object for multi-dimensional
reconstructed cone beam X-Ray Angiographic Images and includes those
Attributes and Information Objects necessary for the interchange of
Multi-dimensional X-Ray volumes.

Examples of X-Ray 3D Angiographic Images are: 3D reconstruction of
static vascular structures (e.g., in Neuro-Radiology), ECG triggered
cardiac volumes at different phases in the cardiac cycle, coronary
artery tree reconstructions.

.. _sect_A.53.2:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.53.3:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced Series   | `Enhanced Series  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied.      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | U                 |       |
   | Orientation       | Orientation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image - Equipment | `Image -          | U                 |       |
   | Coordinate        | Equipment         |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Coordinate        |                   |       |
   |                   | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.21>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D Image    | `X-Ray 3D Image   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Angiographic      | Angiographic      |                   |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   | Contributing      | Contributing      |                   |       |
   | Sources           | Sources           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.2.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Angiographic      | Angiographic      |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.53.3.1:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.53.3.1.1:

Modality Attribute
''''''''''''''''''

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value XA.

.. _sect_A.53.3.1.2:

Restrictions for Standard Extended SOP Classes
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and `Softcopy Presentation LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image.

.. note::

   1. The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional
      Group.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      included in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.53.3.1.3:

Image - Equipment Coordinate Relationship Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For X-Ray 3D Angiographic Images created from SOP Instances of the
Enhanced XA SOP Class (1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.12.1.1) the isocenter
coordinate system is used to describe the positioning of the table and
positioner (see `X-Ray Isocenter Reference System
Macro <#sect_C.8.19.6.13>`__), and shall use only the Defined Term
ISOCENTER for Equipment Coordinate System Identification (0028,9537).

.. _sect_A.53.4:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.53-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Image Type           |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals DERIVED.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | U                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray 3D Frame Type  | `X-Ray 3D Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.21.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.53.4.1:

X-Ray 3D Angiographic Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.53.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.54:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD
-------------------------------

.. _sect_A.54.1:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines the Information Object for multi-dimensional
reconstructed cone beam X-Ray Craniofacial Images and includes those
Attributes and Information Objects necessary for the interchange of
Multi-dimensional X-Ray volumes.

Examples of X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Images are: 3D reconstruction of
craniofacial structures for surgical placement of implants, dimensional
analysis for orthodontic therapy and evaluation of craniofacial
pathology.

.. _sect_A.54.2:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.54.3:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.54-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the X-Ray 3D
Craniofacial Image IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced Series   | `Enhanced Series  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied.      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | U                 |       |
   | Orientation       | Orientation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image - Equipment | `Image -          | U                 |       |
   | Coordinate        | Equipment         |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Coordinate        |                   |       |
   |                   | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.21>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D Image    | `X-Ray 3D Image   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Craniofacial      | Craniofacial      |                   |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   | Contributing      | Contributing      |                   |       |
   | Sources           | Sources           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Craniofacial      | Craniofacial      |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.3.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.54.3.1:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.54.3.1.1:

Modality Attribute
''''''''''''''''''

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value DX.

.. _sect_A.54.3.1.2:

Restrictions for Standard Extended SOP Classes
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and `Softcopy Presentation LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image.

.. note::

   1. The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional
      Group.

   2. The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ was previously
      included in the Image IE for this IOD but has been retired. See
      `PS3.3-2004 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2004/printed/04_03pu3.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.54.4:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.54-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image IOD.

.. table:: X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M- May not be used   |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Image Type           |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals DERIVED.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | U                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray 3D Frame Type  | `X-Ray 3D Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.21.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.54.4.1:

X-Ray 3D Craniofacial Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.54.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D or D shall be used.

In the case of , for Anatomic Region Modifier Sequence (0008,2220), if
present, D shall be used, and for Primary Anatomic Structure Sequence
(0008,2228), if present, D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.55:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD
------------------------------

.. _sect_A.55.1:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Section defines the Information Object for multi-dimensional
reconstructed breast tomosynthesis X-Ray Images that includes those
Attributes and Information Objects necessary for the interchange of
multi-dimensional breast tomosynthesis X-Ray volumes.

.. note::

   This IOD is not intended for interchange of source projection X-Ray
   images.

.. _sect_A.55.2:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.55.3:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.55-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Breast
Tomosynthesis Image IOD.

.. table:: Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | M                 |       |
   | Mammography       | Mammography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.11.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied.      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image - Equipment | `Image -          | U                 |       |
   | Coordinate        | Equipment         |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Coordinate        |                   |       |
   |                   | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.21>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D Image    | `X-Ray 3D Image   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Breast            | `Breast           | U                 |       |
   | Tomosynthesis     | Tomosynthesis     |                   |       |
   | Contributing      | Contributing      |                   |       |
   | Sources           | Sources           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Breast            | `Breast           | U                 |       |
   | Tomosynthesis     | Tomosynthesis     |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.8.21.3.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | X-Ray 3D          | `X-Ray 3D         | U                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Breast View       | `Breast View      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.55.3.1:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.55.3.1.1:

Restrictions for Standard Extended SOP Classes
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `Modality LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and
`Softcopy Presentation LUT Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in
a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Breast Tomosynthesis Image.

.. note::

   The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional Group.

.. _sect_A.55.3.1.2:

Image - Equipment Coordinate Relationship Module
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Breast Tomosynthesis Image SOP Instances created from SOP Instances
of the Breast Projection X-Ray Image SOP Classes
(1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.13.1.4 or 1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.13.1.5) the
isocenter coordinate system shall be used to describe the positioning of
the X-Ray Source, Detector and Breast Support (see `Breast X-Ray
Isocenter Reference System Macro <#sect_C.8.31.6>`__), and shall use
only the value ISOCENTER for Equipment Coordinate System Identification
(0028,9537).

.. _sect_A.55.4:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.55-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Breast Tomosynthesis Image IOD.

.. table:: Breast Tomosynthesis Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Image Type           |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals DERIVED.      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Identity Pixel Value | `Identity Pixel      | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Value Transformation |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.9b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT With   | `Frame VOI LUT With  | M                    |
   | LUT                  | LUT                  |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#sec          |                      |
   |                      | t_C.7.6.16.2.10b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray 3D Frame Type  | `X-Ray 3D Frame Type | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <              | as a Shared          |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.21.5.1>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast Biopsy Target | `Breast Biopsy       | U – May not be used  |
   |                      | Target               | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Macro <              | Functional Group.    |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.21.5.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.55.4.1:

Breast Tomosynthesis Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.55.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.56:

Enhanced PET Image IOD
----------------------

.. _sect_A.56.1:

Enhanced PET Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Enhanced Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Image Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies an image that has been created by a positron
emission tomography coincidence imaging device.

.. _sect_A.56.2:

Enhanced PET Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.56.3:

Enhanced PET Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.56-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced
PET Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced PET Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Isotope           | Isotope           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Corrections       | Corrections       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.56.3.1:

Enhanced PET Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value PT.

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__,
`Supplemental Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.6.19>`__, and
the `Softcopy Presentation LUT Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be
used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Enhanced PET Image.

.. note::

   1. In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
      subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
      State Storage, Color Softcopy Presentation State Storage, or the
      Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that reference the image SOP
      Instance, may be used.

   2. No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations
      within the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are
      discouraged from using private extensions to circumvent this
      restriction.

   3. The Blending Softcopy Presentation State and Spatial Registration
      SOP Classes can be used to relate this SOP Instance to related
      image, registration, or fiducial SOP Instances.

   4. If contrast was administered during a CT acquisition used for
      attenuation correction, this information can be obtained from the
      CT SOP Instances and is not encoded in the PET SOP Instances.

.. _sect_A.56.4:

Enhanced PET Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.56-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced PET Image IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced PET Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | been planned on      |
   |                      |                      | another image or     |
   |                      |                      | frame, may be        |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | M                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Respiratory Motion   |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Compensation         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9170) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Radiopharmaceutical  | `Radiopharmaceutical | M                    |
   | Usage                | Usage                |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.19>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Patient              | `Patient             | C - Required for     |
   | Physiological State  | Physiological State  | cardiac rest and     |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | stress images.       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.20>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Frame Type       | `PET Frame Type      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Frame            | `PET Frame           | C - Required if      |
   | Acquisition          | Acquisition          | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.2>`__ | equals ORIGINAL. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Detector Motion  | `PET Detector Motion | C - Required if      |
   | Details              | Details              | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.3>`__ | equals ORIGINAL and  |
   |                      |                      | Type of Detector     |
   |                      |                      | Motion (0054,0202)   |
   |                      |                      | is not equal to      |
   |                      |                      | STATIONARY.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Position         | `PET Position        | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.4>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals ORIGINAL. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Frame Correction | `PET Frame           | C - Required if      |
   | Factors              | Correction Factors   | Image Type           |
   |                      | Macro <              | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.5>`__ | equals ORIGINAL. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Reconstruction   | `PET Reconstruction  | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals ORIGINAL. May |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Table Dynamics   | `PET Table Dynamics  | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <              | Image Type           |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.7>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals ORIGINAL and  |
   |                      |                      | Table Motion         |
   |                      |                      | (0018,1134) is equal |
   |                      |                      | to DYNAMIC.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

For Measurement Units Code Sequence in the `Real World Value Mapping
Macro <#sect_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.56.5:

Acquisition Context Module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Acquisition Context Sequence (0040,0555) D, which includes the blood
glucose measurement, shall be used. In contrast to the PET Image IOD,
the description of the cardiovascular rest or stress state is encoded in
the Enhanced PET Image IOD using the Patient Physiological State
Functional Group Macro, rather than the Acquisition Context.

The Acquisition Context information may be entered during acquisition,
or obtained from the Modality Worklist using information supplied in the
Protocol Context, B.

.. _sect_A.57:

Surface Segmentation IOD
------------------------

.. _sect_A.57.1:

Surface Segmentation IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Surface Segmentation Information Object Definition (IOD) specifies a
polygonal representation of a three dimensional surface. A Surface
Segmentation SOP Instance may reference an externally defined coordinate
system via the Frame of Reference UID (0020,0052) or establish its own
coordinate system.

The Surface Segmentation IOD does not include the full set of
acquisition parameters of the referenced images, e.g., cardiac phase. An
application rendering or processing the segmentation may need to access
the referenced images for such information.

One Segmented Surface Instance can contain one or more surfaces. Each
surface within a Segmented Surface IE is represented as a single object.

.. _sect_A.57.2:

Surface Segmentation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Surface IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.57.3:

Surface Segmentation IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.57-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Surface
Segmentation IOD.

.. table:: Surface Segmentation IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Segmentation      | `Segmentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.20.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Surface           | Surface           | `Surface          | M     |
   |                   | Segmentation      | Segmentation      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.23.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Surface Mesh      | `Surface Mesh     | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.27.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | the surface has   |       |
   |                   | Module            | been derived from |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ | another SOP       |       |
   |                   |                   | Instance          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.57.4:

Surface Segmentation IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Purpose of Reference Code Sequence (0040,A170) within Source
Instance Sequence (0042,0013) in the General Reference Module D shall be
used.

.. _sect_A.58:

Color Palette IOD
-----------------

.. _sect_A.58.1:

Color Palette IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A Color Palette entity specifies a color palette suitable for
application to a grayscale image or parametric map.

.. _sect_A.58.2:

Color Palette IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A Color Palette is not related to other Information Entities of the
DICOM real-world model, as it is not associated with a specific Patient.
The E-R model for the Color Palette IOD is shown in
`figure_title <#figure_A.58.2-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.58.3:

Color Palette IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.58.3-1>`__ lists the Modules that make up the
Color Palette IOD.

.. table:: Color Palette IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Color Palette     | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Color Palette     | `Color Palette    | M                 |       |
   | Definition        | Definition        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.28.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | M                 |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The number of bits for each entry in the Lookup Table Data is
   constrained in the `Palette Color Lookup Table
   Module <#sect_C.7.9>`__ to be 8 in this IOD.

.. _sect_A.59:

Enhanced US Volume IOD
----------------------

.. _sect_A.59.1:

Enhanced US Volume IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Image objects of different types may be created from a 3D Ultrasound
image acquisition, illustrated in `figure_title <#figure_A.59-1>`__. It
can be seen that there are two different types of data related to 3D
image acquisition: 3D volume data and several kinds of 2D image derived
from the volume data.

The 3D volume data (the diagonally shaded box in
`figure_title <#figure_A.59-1>`__) contains a Cartesian volume or two or
more temporally related Cartesian volumes. 3D volume data is exchanged
using the Enhanced US Volume SOP Class, and are suitable for subsequent
Multi-Planar Reconstruction and rendering operations. Within each
Enhanced US Volume Instance, each Cartesian volume consists of a set of
parallel planes, and each plane consists of one or more frames each of a
single data type. All Cartesian volumes have the same spacing between
adjacent planes.

Most acquisition devices construct the Cartesian volume by resampling
data from a different acquisition geometry. The method of generation of
the Cartesian volume, its relationship to spatially-related 2D frames
(whether the volume was created from spatially-related frames, or
spatially-related frames extracted from the Cartesian volume), and the
algorithms used for Multi-Planar Reconstruction and rendering operations
are outside the scope of this Standard.

The 2D image types represent collections of frames that are derived from
the volume data, namely 3D rendered views (projections), separate
Multi-Planar Reconstructed (MPR) views, or collections of
spatially-related source frames, either parallel or oblique (the
cross-hatched boxes in `figure_title <#figure_A.59-1>`__). The
Ultrasound Image and Ultrasound Multi-frame Image IODs are used to
represent these derived images. See `Ultrasound Image IOD <#sect_A.6>`__
for the Ultrasound Image IOD description or `Ultrasound Multi-frame
Image IOD <#sect_A.7>`__ for the Ultrasound Multi-frame Image IOD
description.

.. note::

   See for an informative discussion on the use of these objects for the
   exchange of 3D ultrasound volume data.

.. _sect_A.59.2:

Enhanced US Volume IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.59.3:

Enhanced US Volume IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.59-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Enhanced US
Volume IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced US Volume IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced US       | `Enhanced US      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.24.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ultrasound Frame  | `Ultrasound Frame | M                 |       |
   | of Reference      | of Reference      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.24.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied. See  |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | `Contrast <#se    |       |
   |                   |                   | ct_A.59.3.1.2>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | for baseline      |       |
   |                   |                   | context group ID. |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | respiratory       |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced Palette  | `Enhanced Palette | U                 |       |
   | Color Lookup      | Color Lookup      |                   |       |
   | Table             | Table             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced US Image | `Enhanced US      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.24.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IVUS Image        | `IVUS Image       | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | Modality = IVUS   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.24.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Excluded          | `Excluded         | U                 |       |
   | Intervals         | Intervals         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.24.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.59.3.1:

Enhanced US Volume IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.59.3.1.1:

Associated Physiological Waveforms
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Acquisition Time Synchronized (0018,1800) Attribute shall have a
value of 'Y' if associated physiological waveforms are linked to the
Enhanced US Volume. As described in the `Synchronization
Module <#sect_C.7.4.2>`__, the same value of Synchronization Frame of
Reference UID (0020,0200) is shared between the Waveform and Enhanced US
Instances to indicate a common temporal Frame of Reference for
Acquisition DateTime (0008,002A) values in the waveform and Enhanced US
Instances. Further, Frame Reference DateTime (0018,9151) may be used in
optimizing alignment between the displayed image and displayed
physiological waveforms.

In the case of gated acquisition in which information from multiple
events (such as ECG beats) are used to create sub-volumes that are
"spliced" or "interleaved" together to form the volume data, the
`Excluded Intervals Module <#sect_C.8.24.5>`__ describes the timing of
each of the constituent sub-volumes for correlation with the physio
waveform.

.. note::

   It is recommended that the `Waveform Annotation
   Module <#sect_C.10.10>`__ in the General ECG Waveform IOD be used to
   indicate the times of the R-wave events within the acquisition
   duration. This allows the viewing application to be able to mark
   those R-R intervals that contributed to the acquisition of the
   Enhanced US Volume.

.. _sect_A.59.3.1.2:

Contrast
''''''''

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) in the `Enhanced
Contrast/Bolus Module <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ B may be used.

.. _sect_A.59.4:

Enhanced US Volume Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.59-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Enhanced US Volume IOD.

.. table:: Enhanced US Volume Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Ultrasound           |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Acquisition Geometry |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | (0020,9307) has a    |
   |                      |                      | value of PATIENT.    |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise. See       |
   |                      |                      | `Plane Position      |
   |                      |                      | (Volume) and Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation (Volume) |
   |                      |                      | Macros <#            |
   |                      |                      | sect_A.59.4.1.2>`__. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C - Required if      |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Ultrasound           |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Acquisition Geometry |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | (0020,9307) has a    |
   |                      |                      | value of PATIENT.    |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise. See       |
   |                      |                      | `Plane Position      |
   |                      |                      | (Volume) and Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation (Volume) |
   |                      |                      | Macros <#            |
   |                      |                      | sect_A.59.4.1.2>`__. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization is   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | used                 |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Patient Orientation  | `Patient Orientation | U                    |
   | in Frame             | in Frame             |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.15>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Display        | `Frame Display       | U                    |
   | Shutter              | Shutter <#se         |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.16>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Respiratory          |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Synchronization is   |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ | used                 |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M - May not be used  |
   | (Volume)             | (Volume)             | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Functional Group.    |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.21>`__ | See `Plane Position  |
   |                      |                      | (Volume) and Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation (Volume) |
   |                      |                      | Macros <#            |
   |                      |                      | sect_A.59.4.1.2>`__. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M - May not be used  |
   | (Volume)             | (Volume)             | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Functional Group.    |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.22>`__ | See `Plane Position  |
   |                      |                      | (Volume) and Plane   |
   |                      |                      | Orientation (Volume) |
   |                      |                      | Macros <#            |
   |                      |                      | sect_A.59.4.1.2>`__. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | frames are           |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ | temporally related   |
   |                      |                      | and not temporally   |
   |                      |                      | referenced to a      |
   |                      |                      | Cardiac or           |
   |                      |                      | Respiratory event    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Image Data Type      | `Image Data Type     | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.24>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | US Image Description | `US Image            | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Description          | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <              | Functional Group     |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.24.6.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.59.4.1:

Enhanced US Volume Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.59.4.1.1:

US Image Description Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The value of Volumetric Properties (0008,9206) shall be VOLUME. The
value of Volume Based Calculation Technique (0008,9207) shall be NONE.

.. _sect_A.59.4.1.2:

Plane Position (Volume) and Plane Orientation (Volume) Macros
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Image Position (Volume) (0020,9301) first value (X) shall be zero and
second value (Y) shall be zero. Image Orientation (Volume) (0020,9302)
values shall be 1\0\0\0\1\0. This ensures that the origins of each frame
lies on the Volume Frame of Reference Z\ :sub:`V` axis, the rows of each
frame are parallel to the Volume Frame of Reference X\ :sub:`V` axis,
and the columns of each frame are parallel to the Volume Frame of
Reference Y\ :sub:`V` axis.

Adjacent planes in the volume shall be equally spaced in the Z
direction.

.. note::

   1. More than one frame may be encoded for the same plane, for
      example, with a different temporal or cardiac cycle position.

   2. Frames with the same value of Image Position (Volume) (0020,9301)
      will also have the same second value of Dimension Index Value (the
      spatial position Dimension); See `Dimension Organization
      Type <#sect_C.8.24.3.3>`__.

   3. When Ultrasound Acquisition Geometry (0020,9307) has a value of
      PATIENT, the Plane Position (Patient) and Plane Orientation
      (Patient) Functional Group Macros will be present. They may
      contain Attributes with identical values to the corresponding
      Attributes in the Plane Position (Volume) and Plane Orientation
      (Volume) Functional Group Macros if the frames are transverse and
      the origin of the Patient-Based Coordinate System and the volume
      coincide (i.e., to remain compliant with the first paragraph of
      this section, which constrains the origin and orientation of the
      Volume Frame of Reference.

.. _sect_A.60:

Ophthalmic Refractive Measurements Information Object Definitions
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The following IODs specify Module use for storage of the measurements
from ophthalmic refractive instruments. These instruments address the
power of a lens or of a Patient's eye to bend light. There are many
ophthalmic refractive instruments used to create this type of
information. Some examples include Lensometers, Keratometers,
Autorefractors, etc. An Ophthalmic Measurements SOP Instance is related
to a single Series within a single Study.

.. _sect_A.60.1:

Lensometry Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.1.1:

Lensometry Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Lensometry Measurements IOD is used to capture the refractive
measurements by a lensometer of spectacles.

.. _sect_A.60.1.2:

Lensometry Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.1.3:

Lensometry Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Lensometry Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Lensometry Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Lensometry        | `Lensometry       | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | General           | `General          | M     |
   |                   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |       |
   |                   | Refractive        | Refractive        |       |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Lensometry        | `Lensometry       | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.2:

Autorefraction Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.2.1:

Autorefraction Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Autorefraction Measurements IOD is used to encode the results of a
modality (autorefractor) that automatically determines, without Patient
input, what a Patient's refractive correction should be.

.. _sect_A.60.2.2:

Autorefraction Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.2.3:

Autorefraction Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.2-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Autorefraction Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Autorefraction Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Autorefraction    | `Autorefraction   | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | General           | `General          | M     |
   |                   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |       |
   |                   | Refractive        | Refractive        |       |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Autorefraction    | `Autorefraction   | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.3:

Keratometry Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.3.1:

Keratometry Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Keratometry Measurements IOD is used to encode the measurements of a
modality (keratometer) that measures the curvature, and thus the
refractive power, of a Patient's cornea.

.. _sect_A.60.3.2:

Keratometry Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.3.3:

Keratometry Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Keratometry Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Keratometry Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Keratometry       | `Keratometry      | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | General           | `General          | M     |
   |                   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |       |
   |                   | Refractive        | Refractive        |       |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Keratometry       | `Keratometry      | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.25.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.4:

Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.4.1:

Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD is used for encoding the
measurements that subjectively determine the refractive correction of
the eye that results in best corrected visual acuity.

.. _sect_A.60.4.2:

Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.4.3:

Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.4-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Subjective Refraction Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Subjective        | `Subjective       | M                 |       |
   | Refraction        | Refraction        |                   |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | General           | `General          | M     |
   |                   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |       |
   |                   | Refractive        | Refractive        |       |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Subjective        | `Subjective       | M                 |       |
   | Refraction        | Refraction        |                   |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.25.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.5:

Visual Acuity Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.5.1:

Visual Acuity Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Visual Acuity Measurements IOD is used to capture a Patient's visual
acuity relative to that of a reference standard Patient under given
viewing conditions (distance, lighting, etc.).

.. _sect_A.60.5.2:

Visual Acuity Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.5.3:

Visual Acuity Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.5-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Visual
Acuity Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Visual Acuity Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Acuity     | `Visual Acuity    | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | General           | `General          | M     |
   |                   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |       |
   |                   | Refractive        | Refractive        |       |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Acuity     | `Visual Acuity    | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.25.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.6:

Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.6.1:

Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD is used to encode axial
measurements of the eye made by an axial measurements device.

.. _sect_A.60.6.2:

Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.6.3:

Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.6-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Axial Measurements IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic Axial  | `Ophthalmic Axial | M                 |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.25.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | Ophthalmic Axial  | `Ophthalmic Axial | M     |
   |                   | Measurements      | Measurements      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#s        |       |
   |                   |                   | ect_C.8.25.14>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General           | `General          | M                 |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |                   |       |
   | Refractive        | Refractive        |                   |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.60.7:

Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.60.7.1:

Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD is used to encode calculations
performed by ophthalmic axial measurements devices or by standalone
software. Data input to these calculations comes both from the devices
and from other sources.

.. _sect_A.60.7.2:

Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.60.7.3:

Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.60.7-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD.

.. table:: Intraocular Lens Calculations IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intraocular Lens  | `Intraocular Lens | M                 |       |
   | Calculations      | Calculations      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.25.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | Intraocular Lens  | `Intraocular Lens | M     |
   |                   | Calculations      | Calculations      |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#s        |       |
   |                   |                   | ect_C.8.25.16>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General           | `General          | M                 |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |                   |       |
   | Refractive        | Refractive        |                   |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.25.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.61:

Generic Implant Template IOD
----------------------------

.. _sect_A.61.1:

Generic Implant Template IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Generic Implant Template Information Object Definition (IOD)
specifies the description of a 2D- and/or 3D-template representing a
rigid and passive implant. The specific properties of flexible implants,
such as silicone implants, and active implants such as cardiac
pacemakers are not reflected. The IOD contains mechanisms for implant
assembly, i.e., the rigid connection of two or more implants and implant
registration, i.e., the placement of an implant in relation to
anatomical landmarks.

The Generic Implant Template is a kind of Implant Template (see
`Extension of DICOM Model of the Real World for Implant
Templates <#sect_7.10>`__).

.. _sect_A.61.2:

Generic Implant Template IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The E-R Model in `figure_title <#figure_A.61-1>`__ depicts those
entities of the DICOM Information Model that are used in the following
IODs.

.. note::

   Implant templates are not referenced to a Patient, a Study or a
   Series.

.. _sect_A.61.3:

Generic Implant Module IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implant Templates can contain 2D drawings as well as 3D models
describing one implant. At least one of the two must be present in one
Instance; both may be present in the same Instance.

.. table:: Generic Implant Template IOD Modules

   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | IE             | Module         | Reference      | Usage          |
   +================+================+================+================+
   | Implant        | Generic        | `Generic       | M              |
   | Template       | Implant        | Implant        |                |
   |                | Template       | Template       |                |
   |                | Description    | Description    |                |
   |                |                | Module <#sec   |                |
   |                |                | t_C.29.1.1>`__ |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | `Generic       | U              |                |
   | Implant        | Implant        |                |                |
   | Template 2D    | Template 2D    |                |                |
   | Drawings       | Drawings       |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.29.1.2>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | `Generic       | U              |                |
   | Implant        | Implant        |                |                |
   | Template 3D    | Template 3D    |                |                |
   | Models         | Models         |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.29.1.3>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | `Generic       | U              |                |
   | Implant        | Implant        |                |                |
   | Template       | Template       |                |                |
   | Mating         | Mating         |                |                |
   | Features       | Features       |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.29.1.4>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Generic        | `Generic       | U              |                |
   | Implant        | Implant        |                |                |
   | Template       | Template       |                |                |
   | Planning       | Planning       |                |                |
   | Landmarks      | Landmarks      |                |                |
   |                | Module <#sec   |                |                |
   |                | t_C.29.1.5>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | SOP Common     | `SOP Common    | M              |                |
   |                | Module <#s     |                |                |
   |                | ect_C.12.1>`__ |                |                |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
   | Surface Mesh   | Surface Mesh   | `Surface Mesh  | C - Required   |
   |                |                | Module <#s     | if `Generic    |
   |                |                | ect_C.27.1>`__ | Implant        |
   |                |                |                | Template 3D    |
   |                |                |                | Models         |
   |                |                |                | Module <#sec   |
   |                |                |                | t_C.29.1.3>`__ |
   |                |                |                | is present.    |
   +----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.62:

Implant Assembly Template IOD
-----------------------------

.. _sect_A.62.1:

Implant Assembly Template IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implant Assembly Templates describe how to combine several implants to
fulfill a certain purpose. The Implant Assembly Templates describe the
aspects of component assembly that are relevant to planning only.
Implants that are made out of several parts but are treated as a single
piece may be described as single Implant Template.

.. _sect_A.62.2:

Implant Assembly Template IOD Entity Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The E-R Model in `figure_title <#figure_A.62-1>`__ depicts those
entities of the DICOM Information Model that are used in the following
IODs.

.. _sect_A.62.3:

Implant Assembly Template IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.62-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Implant
Assembly Template IOD.

.. table:: Implant Assembly Template IOD Modules

   +------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE               | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +==================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Implant Assembly | Implant Assembly  | `Implant Assembly | M     |
   |                  | Template          | Template          |       |
   |                  |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                  |                   | sect_C.29.2.1>`__ |       |
   +------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common       | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                  | Module            |                   |       |
   |                  | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.63:

Implant Template Group IOD
--------------------------

.. _sect_A.63.1:

Implant Template Group IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Implant Template Group IOD facilitates the aggregation of a set of
Implant Template Instances in an ordered set.

.. _sect_A.63.2:

Implant Template Group IOD Entity Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The E-R Model in `figure_title <#figure_A.63-1>`__ depicts those
entities of the DICOM Information Model that are used in the following
IODs.

.. _sect_A.63.3:

Implant Template Group IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.63-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Implant
Template Group IOD.

.. table:: Implant Template Group IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Implant Template  | Implant Template  | `Implant Template | M     |
   | Group             | Group             | Group             |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.29.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.64:

RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD
---------------------------------

.. _sect_A.64.1:

RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD contains all the parameters needed
to deliver a radiation therapy treatment fraction that are not already
described in the referenced `RT Plan IOD <#sect_A.20>`__.

.. _sect_A.64.2:

RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Plan IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.64.3:

RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.64.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Beams
Delivery Instruction IOD.

.. table:: RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Plan              | RT Beams Delivery | `RT Beams         | M     |
   |                   | Instruction       | Delivery          |       |
   |                   |                   | Instruction       |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.29>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | not conveyed by a |       |
   |                   | Module            | Unified Procedure |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ | Step. May be      |       |
   |                   |                   | present           |       |
   |                   |                   | otherwise.        |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.64.4:

RT Beams Delivery Instruction IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.64.4.1:

Modality
^^^^^^^^

The value of modality (0008,0060) shall be PLAN.

.. _sect_A.65:

Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD
---------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.65.1:

Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD is used to
encode results of static perimetry with visual field devices.

.. _sect_A.65.2:

Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Measurements IE below the Series
IE.

.. _sect_A.65.3:

Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.65.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Visual Field Static Perimetry Measurements IOD
Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Field      | `Visual Field     | M                 |       |
   | Static Perimetry  | Static Perimetry  |                   |       |
   | Measurements      | Measurements      |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.26.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Measurements      | Visual Field      | `Visual Field     | M     |
   |                   | Static Perimetry  | Static Perimetry  |       |
   |                   | Test Parameters   | Test Parameters   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.26.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Field      | `Visual Field     | M                 |       |
   | Static Perimetry  | Static Perimetry  |                   |       |
   | Test Reliability  | Test Reliability  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.26.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Field      | `Visual Field     | M                 |       |
   | Static Perimetry  | Static Perimetry  |                   |       |
   | Test Measurements | Test Measurements |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.26.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Visual Field      | `Visual Field     | M                 |       |
   | Static Perimetry  | Static Perimetry  |                   |       |
   | Test Results      | Test Results      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.26.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | U                 |       |
   | Patient Clinical  | Patient Clinical  |                   |       |
   | Information and   | Information and   |                   |       |
   | Test Lens         | Test Lens         |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.26.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.66:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography IOD
----------------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with Intravascular
Optical Coherence Tomography imaging devices.

.. _sect_A.66.1:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD specifies a
multi-frame image acquired on an Intravascular Optical Coherence
Tomography modality.

The Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD is used in two
SOP Classes as defined in Storage Service Class, a SOP Class for storage
of images intended for presentation, and a SOP Class for storage of
images intended for further processing before presentation. These are
distinguished by their SOP Class UID and by the Enumerated Value of the
mandatory Attribute in the `Intravascular OCT Series
Module <#sect_C.8.27.1>`__, Presentation Intent Type (0008,0068).

IVOCT stores frames of polar data arranged in a rectangular format when
"FOR PROCESSING" is specified. The A-lines in a frame are arranged in
row order, with the catheter optics toward the left of the image.
A-lines are always stored from top to bottom, in order of acquisition.
The A-lines are evenly spaced (in angles) to form a complete 360 degrees
of acquisition.

Application entities creating IVOCT FOR PRESENTATION SOP Instances shall
apply all needed processing (e.g., Z offset and refractive index
correction) to the IVOCT image for correct presentation.

.. _sect_A.66.2:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.66.3:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.66.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD.

.. table:: Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intravascular OCT | `Intravascular    | M                 |       |
   | Series            | OCT Series        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.27.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Supplemental      | `Supplemental     | C - Required if   |       |
   | Palette Color     | Palette Color     | Pixel             |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,9205) in    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.19>`__ | the               |       |
   |                   |                   | `Intravascular    |       |
   |                   |                   | OCT Image         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.27.2>`__ |       |
   |                   |                   | equals COLOR.     |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Contrast/Bolus   | M                 |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   | cardiac           |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       | synchronization   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ | was used          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intravascular OCT | `Intravascular    | M                 |       |
   | Image             | OCT Image         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.27.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intravascular OCT | `Intravascular    | M                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | OCT Acquisition   |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.27.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intravascular OCT | `Intravascular    | C - Required if   |       |
   | Processing        | OCT Processing    | Presentation      |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        | Intent Type       |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,0068) is    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.27.4>`__ | FOR PROCESSING.   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intravascular     | `Intravascular    | M                 |       |
   | Image Acquisition | Image Acquisition |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.27.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.66.3.1:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following constraints on Image Attributes take precedence over the
descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.66.3.1.1:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.66.3.1.2:

Prohibited Modules
''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT
Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP
Class of the Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
   State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
   reference the image SOP Instance may be used.

Pseudo-color presentation information may be applied through the use of
separate Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State SOP Instances.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

.. _sect_A.66.4:

Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.66.4.3-1>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Intravascular Optical Coherence
Tomography Image IOD.

.. table:: Intravascular Optical Coherence Tomography Image Functional
Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Presentation Intent  |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ | Type (0008,0068) is  |
   |                      |                      | FOR PRESENTATION.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | C - Required if      |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      | Cardiac              |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Synchronization      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ | Technique            |
   |                      |                      | (0018,9037) equals   |
   |                      |                      | other than NONE May  |
   |                      |                      | be present           |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Intensity      | `Pixel Intensity     | C - Required if      |
   | Relationship LUT     | Relationship LUT     | Pixel Intensity      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Relationship         |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.13>`__ | (0028,1040) equals   |
   |                      |                      | LOG. May be present  |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Intravascular OCT    | `Intravascular OCT   | M                    |
   | Frame Type           | Frame Type           |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.27.6.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Intravascular Frame  | `Intravascular Frame | C - Required if      |
   | Content              | Content              | Intravascular        |
   |                      | Macro <              | Acquisition          |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.27.6.2>`__ | (0018,3100) equals   |
   |                      |                      | MEASURED or          |
   |                      |                      | Presentation Intent  |
   |                      |                      | Type (0008,0068)     |
   |                      |                      | equals               |
   |                      |                      | FORPRESENTATION.     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Intravascular OCT    | `Intravascular OCT   | C - Required if      |
   | Frame Content        | Frame Content        | Presentation Intent  |
   |                      | Macro <              | Type (0008,0068)     |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.27.6.3>`__ | equals FOR           |
   |                      |                      | PROCESSING.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.66.4.1:

Intravascular OCT Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.66.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used. for Anatomic
Region Modifier Sequence (0008,2220) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.67:

Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD
----------------------------

.. _sect_A.67.1:

Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD is generated by ophthalmic thickness
mapping devices, such as retinal nerve fiber layer analyzers and optic
nerve head analyzers, to generate measurements that are presented
topographically using a monochromatic image and a pseudo-color map.

.. _sect_A.67.2:

Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.67.3:

Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.67.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Thickness Map     | Thickness Map     |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.28.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Supplemental      | `Supplemental     | C - Required if   |       |
   | Palette Color     | Palette Color     | Pixel             |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | (0008,9205)       |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.19>`__ | equals COLOR      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bitmap Display    | `Bitmap Display   | C - Required if a |       |
   | Shutter           | Shutter           | Shutter is to be  |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | applied to the    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.15>`__ | image             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Thickness Map     | Thickness Map     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.28.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | C - Required if a |       |
   | Thickness Map     | Thickness Map     | quality rating    |       |
   | Quality Rating    | Quality Rating    | value exists for  |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | the ophthalmic    |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.28.3>`__ | map               |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.67.4:

Ophthalmic Thickness Map IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Image Attributes take precedence over the
descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.67.4.1:

Prohibited Modules
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not
be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Ophthalmic Thickness
Map.

.. _sect_A.68:

Surface Scan Mesh IOD
---------------------

.. _sect_A.68.1:

Surface Scan Mesh IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Surface Scan Mesh IOD specifies a triangulated surface generated by
an optical surface scanner. The Surface Scan Mesh IOD stores a surface
including UV mapping combined with device specific parameters.

.. _sect_A.68.2:

Surface Scan Mesh IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Surface IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.68.3:

Surface Scan Mesh IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.68-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Surface
Scan Mesh IOD.

.. table:: Surface Scan Mesh IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Optical Surface   | `Optical Surface  | M                 |       |
   | Scanner Series    | Scanner Series    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.29.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Surface           | Surface Mesh      | `Surface Mesh     | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.27.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | UV Mapping        | `UV Mapping       | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.27.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Scan Procedure    | `Scan Procedure   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.29.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.69:

Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD
----------------------------

.. _sect_A.69.1:

Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD specifies a point cloud generated by an
optical surface scanner. Multiple Point Clouds within the same Series
shall be from the same anatomical region, but they do not need to be in
the same coordinate system.

.. _sect_A.69.2:

Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD Entity Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Surface IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.69.3:

Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.69-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Surface
Scan Point Cloud IOD.

.. table:: Surface Scan Point Cloud IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Optical Surface   | `Optical Surface  | M                 |       |
   | Scanner Series    | Scanner Series    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.29.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Surface           | Point Cloud       | `Point Cloud      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.27.5>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | UV Mapping        | `UV Mapping       | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.27.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Scan Procedure    | `Scan Procedure   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.29.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.70:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD
--------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.70.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Legacy Converted Enhanced Computed Tomography (CT) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies an image that has been converted from
images originally created by a computed tomography imaging device.

.. _sect_A.70.2:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.70.3:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.70-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Legacy
Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CT Series         | `CT Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.15.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | U                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | U                 |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced CT Image | `Enhanced CT      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.15.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.70.3.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__,
`Supplemental Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.6.19>`__ and
`Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__ shall not be used in a
Standard Extended SOP Class of the Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
   State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
   reference the image SOP Instance, may be used.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are
generated during conversion shall be referenced from the Image SOP
Instance by using the Referenced Grayscale Presentation State Sequence
in the `Enhanced CT Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__. See `Enhanced CT
Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ has been retired from
   DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.70.4:

Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.70-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image
IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced CT Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Referenced Image     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | Sequence (0008,1140) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Source Image         |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | Sequence (0008,2112) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | C - Required if Body |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Part Examined        |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ | (0018,0015) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and contains |
   |                      |                      | a value defined in , |
   |                      |                      | or Anatomic Region   |
   |                      |                      | Sequence (0008,2218) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | U                    |
   |                      | Usage                |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | C - Required if      |
   | Identification       | Identification       | Irradiation Event    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | UID (0008,3010) was  |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ | present in any of    |
   |                      |                      | the Classic Images   |
   |                      |                      | that were converted. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Image Frame Type  | `CT Image Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.15.3.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | CT Pixel Value       | `CT Pixel Value      | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.15.3.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Shared    | `Unassigned Shared   | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Converted Attributes | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | Functional Group     |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Per-Frame | `Unassigned          | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Per-Frame Converted  | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Attributes           | Functional Group     |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         |                      |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Image Frame          | `Image Frame         | C - Required if      |
   | Conversion Source    | Conversion Source    | created by           |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | conversion from a    |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.3>`__ | DICOM source; may    |
   |                      |                      | not be used as a     |
   |                      |                      | Shared Functional    |
   |                      |                      | Group                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.71:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD
--------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.71.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Legacy Converted Enhanced Magnetic Resonance (MR) Image Information
Object Definition (IOD) specifies an image that has been converted from
images originally created by a magnetic resonance imaging device.

.. _sect_A.71.2:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.71.3:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.71-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Legacy
Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MR Series         | `MR Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | U                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Contrast/Bolus    | `Contrast/Bolus   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | U                 |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bulk Motion       | `Bulk Motion      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced MR Image | `Enhanced MR      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.13.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.71.3.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__,
`Supplemental Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.6.19>`__ and
`Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__ shall not be used in a
Standard Extended SOP Class of the Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
   State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
   reference the image SOP Instance, may be used.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are
generated during conversion shall be referenced from the Image SOP
Instance by using the Referenced Grayscale Presentation State Sequence
in the `Enhanced MR Image Module <#sect_C.8.13.1>`__. See `Enhanced CT
Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ has been retired from
   DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.71.4:

Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.71-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image
IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced MR Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Referenced Image     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | Sequence (0008,1140) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Source Image         |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | Sequence (0008,2112) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | C - Required if Body |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Part Examined        |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ | (0018,0015) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and contains |
   |                      |                      | a value defined in , |
   |                      |                      | or Anatomic Region   |
   |                      |                      | Sequence (0008,2218) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | U                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | U                    |
   |                      | Usage                |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | MR Image Frame Type  | `MR Image Frame Type | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.13.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Shared    | `Unassigned Shared   | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Converted Attributes | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | Functional Group     |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Per-Frame | `Unassigned          | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Per-Frame Converted  | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Attributes           | Functional Group     |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         |                      |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Image Frame          | `Image Frame         | C - Required if      |
   | Conversion Source    | Conversion Source    | created by           |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | conversion from a    |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.3>`__ | DICOM source; may    |
   |                      |                      | not be used as a     |
   |                      |                      | Shared Functional    |
   |                      |                      | Group                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.72:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD
---------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.72.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Legacy Converted Enhanced Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Image
Information Object Definition (IOD) specifies an image that has been
converted from images originally created by a positron emission
tomography coincidence imaging device.

.. _sect_A.72.2:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.72.3:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.72-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Legacy
Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | U                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced PET      | `Enhanced PET     | M                 |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.22.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.72.3.1:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `General Image Module <#sect_C.7.6.1>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__,
`Supplemental Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.6.19>`__ and
`Graphic Annotation Module <#sect_C.10.5>`__ shall not be used in a
Standard Extended SOP Class of the Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image.

.. note::

   In order to annotate images, whether during acquisition or
   subsequently, SOP Instances of the Grayscale Softcopy Presentation
   State Storage or the Structured Report Storage SOP Classes that
   reference the image SOP Instance, may be used.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself, and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage Instances that are
generated during conversion shall be referenced from the Image SOP
Instance by using the Referenced Grayscale Presentation State Sequence
in the `Enhanced PET Image Module <#sect_C.8.22.3>`__. See `Enhanced CT
Image Module <#sect_C.8.15.2>`__.

.. note::

   The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__ has been retired from
   DICOM. It is still not permitted to be present. See PS3.3-2004.

.. _sect_A.72.4:

Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.72-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image
IOD.

.. table:: Legacy Converted Enhanced PET Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Referenced Image     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ | Sequence (0008,1140) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Source Image         |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | Sequence (0008,2112) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | C - Required if Body |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Part Examined        |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ | (0018,0015) is       |
   |                      |                      | present and contains |
   |                      |                      | a value defined in , |
   |                      |                      | or Anatomic Region   |
   |                      |                      | Sequence (0008,2218) |
   |                      |                      | was present in any   |
   |                      |                      | of the Classic       |
   |                      |                      | Images that were     |
   |                      |                      | converted.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Pixel Value          | `Pixel Value         | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Transformation       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.9>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT        | `Frame VOI LUT       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.10>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | C - Required if      |
   | Identification       | Identification       | Irradiation Event    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | UID (0008,3010) was  |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ | present in any of    |
   |                      |                      | the Classic Images   |
   |                      |                      | that were converted. |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | PET Frame Type       | `PET Frame Type      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.22.5.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Temporal Position    | `Temporal Position   | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.23>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Shared    | `Unassigned Shared   | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Converted Attributes | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | Functional Group     |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Per-Frame | `Unassigned          | M - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Per-Frame Converted  | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Attributes           | Functional Group     |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         |                      |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Image Frame          | `Image Frame         | C - Required if      |
   | Conversion Source    | Conversion Source    | created by           |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | conversion from a    |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.3>`__ | DICOM source; may    |
   |                      |                      | not be used as a     |
   |                      |                      | Shared Functional    |
   |                      |                      | Group                |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.73:

Corneal Topography Map IOD
--------------------------

.. _sect_A.73.1:

Corneal Topography Map IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Corneal Topography Map IOD is generated by ophthalmic corneal
topography mapping devices, such as reflection-based topography and
elevation-based tomography instruments to generate curvature and/or
elevation measurements of corneal anterior and posterior surfaces that
are presented topographically using a monochromatic image and a
pseudo-color map.

.. _sect_A.73.2:

Corneal Topography Map IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.73.3:

Corneal Topography Map IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.73.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Corneal
Topography Map IOD.

.. table:: Corneal Topography Map IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Corneal           | `Corneal          | M                 |       |
   | Topography Map    | Topography Map    |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.30.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | M                 |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Corneal           | `Corneal          | M                 |       |
   | Topography Map    | Topography Map    |                   |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.30.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Corneal           | `Corneal          | M                 |       |
   | Topography Map    | Topography Map    |                   |       |
   | Analysis          | Analysis          |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.30.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.73.4:

Corneal Topography Map IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Image Attributes take precedence over the
descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.73.4.1:

Prohibited Modules
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `Curve Module (Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__, `Overlay Plane
Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ and `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not
be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Corneal Topography Map.

.. _sect_A.74:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD
---------------------------------

.. _sect_A.74.1:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Breast Projection X-Ray Image Information Object Definition
specifies an image set that has been created by a digital mammography
projection radiography imaging device.

.. note::

   The preferred IOD for traditional digital mammography is Digital
   Mammography X-Ray Image.

The Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD is used in two SOP Classes as
defined in Storage Service Class, a SOP Class for storage of images
intended for presentation, and a SOP Class for storage of images
intended for further processing before presentation. These are
distinguished by their SOP Class UID and by the Enumerated Value of the
mandatory Attribute in the `DX Series Module <#sect_C.8.11.1>`__,
Presentation Intent Type (0008,0068).

.. _sect_A.74.2:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.74.3:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.74-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Breast
Projection X-Ray Image IOD.

.. table:: Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | DX Series         | `DX Series        | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.11.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | M                 |       |
   | Mammography       | Mammography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.11.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | M     |
   |                   | Mammography Image | Mammography Image |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.31.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Breast View       | `Breast View      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.21.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast media    |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | was applied.      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Intervention      | `Intervention     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | U                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | M                 |       |
   | Orientation       | Orientation       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.74.3.1:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.74.3.1.1:

Modality Attribute
''''''''''''''''''

Modality (0008,0060) shall have the value MG.

.. _sect_A.74.3.1.2:

Overlay Plane Module, Curve Module and VOI LUT Module
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__, `Curve Module
(Retired) <#sect_C.10.2>`__, `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ and
`Softcopy Presentation LUT Module <#sect_C.11.6>`__ shall not be used in
a Standard Extended SOP Class of the Breast Projection X-Ray Image.

.. note::

   The VOI LUT function is provided by a Frame VOI LUT Functional Group.

.. _sect_A.74.4:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image Functional Group Macros
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.74-2>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Breast Projection X-Ray Image IOD.

.. table:: Breast Projection X-Ray Image Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | Image Type           |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | (0008,0008) Value 1  |
   |                      |                      | equals DERIVED or    |
   |                      |                      | Value 1 is ORIGINAL  |
   |                      |                      | and Presentation     |
   |                      |                      | Intent Type equals   |
   |                      |                      | FOR PRESENTATION.    |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Identity Pixel Value | `Identity Pixel      | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Value Transformation |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.9b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT With   | `Frame VOI LUT With  | M                    |
   | LUT                  | LUT                  |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#sec          |                      |
   |                      | t_C.7.6.16.2.10b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Usage                | `Enhanced            |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | Contrast/Bolus       |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ | Module               |
   |                      |                      |  <#sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ |
   |                      |                      | is present.          |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Display        | `Frame Display       | U                    |
   | Shutter              | Shutter <#se         |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.16>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Irradiation Event    | `Irradiation Event   | M                    |
   | Identification       | Identification       |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.18>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Characteristics      | Characteristics      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Field of View  | `X-Ray Field of View | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Pixel    | `X-Ray Frame Pixel   | M                    |
   | Data Properties      | Data Properties      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame Detector | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Parameters           | Detector Parameters  |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Calibration    | `X-Ray Calibration   | U                    |
   | Device Usage         | Device Usage         |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.6>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Frame          | `X-Ray Frame         | U                    |
   | Acquisition          | Acquisition          |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.19.6.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Collimator     | `X-Ray Collimator    | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#             |                      |
   |                      | sect_C.8.19.6.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast X-Ray         | `Breast X-Ray        | C - Required if      |
   | Positioner           | Positioner           | X-Ray Source moves   |
   |                      | Macro                | relative to the      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.2>`__ | Patient. May be      |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast X-Ray         | `Breast X-Ray        | C - Required if      |
   | Detector             | Detector             | X-Ray Detector plane |
   |                      | Macro                | is not normal to the |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.3>`__ | X-Ray beam vector.   |
   |                      |                      | May be present       |
   |                      |                      | otherwise.           |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast X-Ray         | `Breast X-Ray        | M                    |
   | Geometry             | Geometry             |                      |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast X-Ray         | `Breast X-Ray        | M                    |
   | Acquisition Dose     | Acquisition Dose     |                      |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Breast X-Ray         | `Breast X-Ray        | M                    |
   | Isocenter Reference  | Isocenter Reference  |                      |
   | System               | System               |                      |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.6>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Grid           | `X-Ray Grid          | U                    |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | X-Ray Filter         | `X-Ray Filter        | U                    |
   |                      | Macro                |                      |
   |                      |  <#sect_C.8.31.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.74.4.1:

Breast Projection X-Ray Image Functional Group Macros Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.74.4.1.1:

Frame Anatomy Functional Group Macro
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

For Anatomic Region Sequence (0008,2218) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.75:

Parametric Map IOD
------------------

.. _sect_A.75.1:

Parametric Map IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Parametric Map Information Object Definition (IOD) specifies a
multi-frame image representing pixels with real world values. Parametric
Maps are either integer or floating point.

The Parametric Map IOD does not include the full set of acquisition
parameters of any acquired images from which they were derived, e.g.,
cardiac phase. An application rendering or processing the Parametric Map
may need to access the source images for such information.

The Parametric Map IOD requires the presence of VOI LUT (window)
information with the intent that at a minimum the image be renderable
without special processing. The output space is defined as P-Values to
achieve consistency.

.. note::

   -  The VOI LUT mechanism specifically supports floating point values,
      and there is no expectation that it be limited to integer input or
      output ranges.

   -  Even though the output of the VOI LUT is not constrained to be
      integer values, implicit scaling of the output range to the input
      range of an integer-based Palette Color LUT can be used to apply
      pseudo-color for display. Pseudo-color mapping information may be
      encoded with the image. This may be applied at the discretion of
      the receiving application or it may use a separate DICOM Color
      Palette IOD or some other mechanism.

The Parametric Map IOD encodes one or more parameters as an image. Other
Image IODs may be used to encode related information, and Instances of
them may be referenced from the Parametric Map, as the source from which
a parameter was derived, or some other relationship.

.. note::

   -  The Blending Presentation State IOD may be used to describe how
      (selected frames of) a Parametric Map Instance may be superimposed
      on, say, frames of acquired images for anatomical reference
      encoded as Instances of other Image IODs, as well as the relative
      opacity and pseudo-color applicable to the overlying frames.

   -  Commonality of the same Frame of Reference UID also allows an
      application to relate Parametric Map Instances and other Image
      Instances, in the absence of explicit references.

   -  The Parametric Map IOD is not restricted to encoding only a single
      parameter in one Instance. Since it is a multi-frame object, and
      since the type of parameter is encoded in the Real World Value
      Mapping Functional Group Macro, which may vary on a per-frame
      basis, the parameter may also vary from frame-to-frame. In such
      cases, the `Multi-frame Dimension Module <#sect_C.7.6.17>`__ may
      be used to highlight this, by specifying the Quantity Definition
      Sequence (0040,9220) as a Dimension Index.

.. _sect_A.75.2:

Parametric Map IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Image IE below the Series IE.

.. _sect_A.75.3:

Parametric Map IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table:: Parametric Map IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Parametric Map    | `Parametric Map   | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.32.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | integer pixels    |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Floating Point    | `Floating Point   | C - Required if   |       |
   | Image Pixel       | Image Pixel       | 32 bit floating   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | point pixels      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.24>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Double Floating   | `Double Floating  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Point Image Pixel | Point Image Pixel | 64 bit floating   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | point pixels      |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.25>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Parametric Map    | `Parametric Map   | M                 |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.32.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | C - Required if   |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Pixel             |       |
   |                   | Module            | Presentation      |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ | (0008,9205) in    |       |
   |                   |                   | the Parametric    |       |
   |                   |                   | Map image Module  |       |
   |                   |                   | equals            |       |
   |                   |                   | COLOR_RANGE and   |       |
   |                   |                   | Palette Color     |       |
   |                   |                   | Lookup Table UID  |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,1199) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | not present.      |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cardiac           | `Cardiac          | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Respiratory       | `Respiratory      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Bulk Motion       | `Bulk Motion      | U                 |       |
   | Synchronization   | Synchronization   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#se       |                   |       |
   |                   | ct_C.7.6.18.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | M                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Device            | `Device           | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Referenced Image  |       |
   |                   | Module            | Functional Group  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ | (`Referenced      |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   |                   |                   | Macro <#sect_     |       |
   |                   |                   | C.7.6.16.2.5>`__) |       |
   |                   |                   | or Derivation     |       |
   |                   |                   | Image Functional  |       |
   |                   |                   | Group             |       |
   |                   |                   | (`Derivation      |       |
   |                   |                   | Image             |       |
   |                   |                   | Macro <#sect_     |       |
   |                   |                   | C.7.6.16.2.6>`__) |       |
   |                   |                   | is present.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.75.4:

Parametric Map IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Either the `Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.3>`__ or the `Floating Point
Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.24>`__ or the `Double Floating Point
Image Pixel Module <#sect_C.7.6.25>`__ is required, and only one of
these shall be present.

.. note::

   I.e., it is not permitted to have more than one of Pixel Data
   Provider URL (0028,7FE0), Pixel Data (7FE0,0010), Float Pixel Data
   (7FE0,0008) or Double Float Pixel Data (7FE0,0009) in a Standard
   Extended SOP Class in the top level Data Set. See .

The `VOI LUT Module <#sect_C.11.2>`__ shall not be present.

The `Modality LUT Module <#sect_C.11.1>`__ shall not be present.

The `Overlay Plane Module <#sect_C.9.2>`__ shall not be present.

The `Supplemental Palette Color Lookup Table Module <#sect_C.7.6.19>`__
shall not be present.

.. _sect_A.75.5:

Parametric Map Functional Groups
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_PS3.3_A.75-2>`__ specifies the use of the
Functional Group Macros used in the `Multi-frame Functional Groups
Module <#sect_C.7.6.16>`__ for the Parametric Map IOD.

.. table:: Parametric Map Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C – Required if the  |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Frame of Reference   |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | is defined in the    |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System.              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | C – Required if the  |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            | Frame of Reference   |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | is defined in the    |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ | patient-relative     |
   |                      |                      | Reference Coordinate |
   |                      |                      | System.              |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | C - Required if the  |
   | (Slide)              | (Slide)              | Frame of Reference   |
   |                      | Macro <              | is defined in the    |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.12.6.1>`__ | Slide Coordinate     |
   |                      |                      | System and Dimension |
   |                      |                      | Organization Type    |
   |                      |                      | (0020,9311) is not   |
   |                      |                      | TILED_FULL. May be   |
   |                      |                      | present otherwise if |
   |                      |                      | the Frame of         |
   |                      |                      | Reference is defined |
   |                      |                      | in the Slide         |
   |                      |                      | Coordinate System.   |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | U                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | C - Required if the  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | image or frame has   |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | been derived from    |
   |                      |                      | another SOP          |
   |                      |                      | Instance.            |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - Shall not be     |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | used as a Shared     |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group     |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Cardiac              | `Cardiac             | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.7>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Identity Pixel Value | `Identity Pixel      | M                    |
   | Transformation       | Value Transformation |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.9b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT With   | `Frame VOI LUT With  | M                    |
   | LUT                  | LUT                  |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#sec          |                      |
   |                      | t_C.7.6.16.2.10b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | M                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Contrast/Bolus Usage | `Contrast/Bolus      | U                    |
   |                      | Usage                |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.12>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Respiratory          | `Respiratory         | U                    |
   | Synchronization      | Synchronization      |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.17>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Stored Value Color   | `Stored Value Color  | C - Required if      |
   | Range                | Range                | Pixel Presentation   |
   |                      | Macro <#se           | (0008,9205) in the   |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.26>`__ | Parametric Map Image |
   |                      |                      | Module equals        |
   |                      |                      | COLOR_RANGE.         |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Parametric Map Frame | `Parametric Map      | M                    |
   | Type                 | Frame Type           |                      |
   |                      | Macro <              |                      |
   |                      | #sect_C.8.32.3.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Shared    | `Unassigned Shared   | U - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Converted Attributes | as a Per-Frame       |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         | Functional Group     |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Unassigned Per-Frame | `Unassigned          | U - May not be used  |
   | Converted Attributes | Per-Frame Converted  | as a Shared          |
   |                      | Attributes           | Functional Group     |
   |                      | Macro <#sect         |                      |
   |                      | _C.7.6.16.2.25.2>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.75.5.1:

Parametric Map Functional Groups Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For the Derivation Image Functional Group Macro:

-  For Purpose of Reference Sequence (0040,A170) B may be used.

-  For Derivation Code Sequence (0008,9215) B may be used.

For the Real World Value Mapping Functional Group Macro, which defines
the type of quantity, the method of generation and the units for the
pixel values:

-  For Concept Name Code Sequence (0040,A043) of Quantity Definition
   Sequence (0040,9220) B may be used.

-  For Concept Code Sequence (0040,A168) for Concept Name of
   `(246205007, SCT, "Quantity") <http://snomed.info/id/246205007>`__ of
   Quantity Definition Sequence (0040,9220) B may be used.

-  For Measurement Units Code Sequence (0040,08EA) B may be used.

The Unassigned Shared and Per-Frame Converted Attributes Macros are
included to allow acquisition-specific Attributes to be conveyed when
they are relevant to the use-case. E.g., the echo time, flip angle or
diffusion b-value might be useful to interpret a parametric map from an
MR acquisition. Since some of these values may vary per-frame, it is
appropriate to include them in the Functional Groups, rather than in the
top level Data Set.

.. _sect_A.76:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD
--------------------------------------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with several types
of ophthalmic photographic imaging devices that generate wide field OP
images, including fundus cameras, slit lamp cameras, scanning laser
ophthalmoscopes, stereoscopic cameras, video equipment and digital
photographic equipment. It uses the stereographic projection method to
represent on-face images of the 3D human retina in 2D on which geometric
measurements can be made when the correct mathematical formulae are
used.

.. _sect_A.76.1:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD
specifies a multi-frame image acquired on a digital photographic DICOM
modality. This IOD can be used to encode single wide field ophthalmic
images and other combinations including cine sequences. This IOD
captures the projection of the wide field 2D Pixel image to enable
anatomically-correct geometric measurements of the retina by taking into
account the curved shape of the eye using a sphere to approximate shape.

.. _sect_A.76.2:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wide Field Stereographic Projection Ophthalmic Photography Image IOD
uses the DICOM Composite Instance IOD Entity-Relationship Information
Model defined in `IOD Entity-Relationship Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__. The
Series IE contains only an Image IE.

.. _sect_A.76.3:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.76-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Wide Field
Stereographic Projection Ophthalmic Photography Image IOD.

.. table:: Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection
Image IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast was      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | administered; see |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | A.76.4.2          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | there is a        |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | sequential        |       |
   |                   |                   | temporal          |       |
   |                   |                   | relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | between all       |       |
   |                   |                   | frames            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography Image | Photography Image |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Wide Field        | `Wide Field       | M                 |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |                   |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Stereographic     | Stereographic     |                   |       |
   | Projection        | Projection        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Wide Field        | `Wide Field       | C - Required if a |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        | quality rating    |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       | value exists for  |       |
   | Quality Rating    | Quality Rating    | this SOP Instance |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ocular Region     | `Ocular Region    | M                 |       |
   | Imaged            | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photographic      | Photographic      |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Photometric       |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ | Interpretation    |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,0004) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | not MONOCHROME2   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.76.4:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography Stereographic Projection Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Series and Image Attributes take precedence
over the descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.76.4.1:

Bits Allocated, Bits Stored, and High Bit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These Attributes shall be determined based upon the Photometric
Interpretation (0028,0004):

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Photometric    | Bits Allocated | Bits Stored    | High Bit       |
| Interpretation | (0028,0100)    | (0028,0101)    | (0028,0102)    |
| (0028,0004)    |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| MONOCHROME2    | 8              | 8              | 7              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 16             | 16             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| RGB            | 8              | 8              | 7              |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_FULL_422   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Y              |                |                |                |
| BR_PARTIAL_420 |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_ICT        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_RCT        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.76.4.2:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.76.4.3:

ICC Profile Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `ICC Profile Module <#sect_C.11.15>`__ shall be present for color
images. If the color space to be used is not calibrated (i.e., a
device-specific ICC Input Profile is not available), then an ICC Input
Profile specifying a well-known space (such as sRGB) may be specified.

.. _sect_A.77:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD
----------------------------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with several types
of ophthalmic photographic imaging devices that generate wide field OP
images, including fundus cameras, slit lamp cameras, scanning laser
ophthalmoscopes, stereoscopic cameras, video equipment and digital
photographic equipment.

.. _sect_A.77.1:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD specifies
a multi-frame image acquired on a digital photographic DICOM modality.
This IOD can be used to encode single wide field ophthalmic images and
other combinations including cine sequences. This IOD includes the
mapping of the wide field 2D Pixel image to 3D (x,y,z) Cartesian
coordinates.

.. _sect_A.77.2:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD uses the
DICOM Composite Instance IOD Entity-Relationship Information Model
defined in `IOD Entity-Relationship Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__. The Series
IE contains only an Image IE.

.. _sect_A.77.3:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.77-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Wide Field
Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD.

.. table:: Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD
Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced          | `Enhanced         | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contrast/Bolus    | Contrast/Bolus    | contrast was      |       |
   |                   | Module <#         | administered; see |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.4b>`__ | A.77.4.2          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Cine              | `Cine             | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | there is a        |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.5>`__ | sequential        |       |
   |                   |                   | temporal          |       |
   |                   |                   | relationship      |       |
   |                   |                   | between all       |       |
   |                   |                   | frames            |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Acquisition       | `Acquisition      | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography Image | Photography Image |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Wide Field        | `Wide Field       | M                 |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        |                   |       |
   | Photography 3D    | Photography 3D    |                   |       |
   | Coordinates       | Coordinates       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Wide Field        | `Wide Field       | C - Required if a |       |
   | Ophthalmic        | Ophthalmic        | quality rating    |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       | value exists for  |       |
   | Quality Rating    | Quality Rating    | this SOP Instance |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ocular Region     | `Ocular Region    | M                 |       |
   | Imaged            | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photography       | Photography       |                   |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Photographic      | Photographic      |                   |       |
   | Parameters        | Parameters        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Photometric       |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ | Interpretation    |       |
   |                   |                   | (0028,0004) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | not MONOCHROME2   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.77.4:

Wide Field Ophthalmic Photography 3D Coordinates Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Series and Image Attributes take precedence
over the descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.77.4.1:

Bits Allocated, Bits Stored, and High Bit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These Attributes shall be determined based upon the Photometric
Interpretation (0028,0004) :

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Photometric    | Bits Allocated | Bits Stored    | High Bit       |
| Interpretation | (0028,0100)    | (0028,0101)    | (0028,0102)    |
| (0028,0004)    |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| MONOCHROME2    | 8              | 8              | 7              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 16             | 16             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| RGB            | 8              | 8              | 7              |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_FULL_422   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Y              |                |                |                |
| BR_PARTIAL_420 |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_ICT        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| YBR_RCT        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

.. _sect_A.77.4.2:

Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Contrast/Bolus Agent Sequence (0018,0012) D shall be used.

.. _sect_A.77.4.3:

ICC Profile Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `ICC Profile Module <#sect_C.11.15>`__ shall be present for color
images. If the color space to be used is not calibrated (i.e., a
device-specific ICC Input Profile is not available), then an ICC Input
Profile specifying a well-known space (such as sRGB) may be specified.

.. _sect_A.78:

Tractography Results IOD
------------------------

.. _sect_A.78.1:

Tractography Results IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Tractography Results IOD encodes tractography results into a
collection of track sets. A track set collects a set of tracks
containing the set of x, y and z coordinates of each point making up the
track. Additional quantities like Fractional Anisotropy values, color,
descriptive statistical values, etc. may be associated with track set,
track or point.

.. _sect_A.78.2:

Tractography Results IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Tractography Results IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.78.3:

Tractography Results IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.78-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the
Tractography Results IOD.

.. table:: Tractography Results IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tractography      | `Tractography     | M                 |       |
   | Results Series    | Results Series    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.33.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tractography      | Tractography      | `Tractography     | M     |
   | Results           | Results           | Results           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.33.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Specimen          | `Specimen         | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.79:

RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD
----------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.79.1:

RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to deliver a Brachytherapy treatment fraction described in an
RT Plan IOD, the RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD
describes which part of the RT Plan is to be delivered and contains
additional parameters. This information is supplied by a Treatment
Management System (TMS) when it creates an RT Brachy Application Setup
Delivery Instruction SOP Instance which is referenced by a Unified
Procedure Step (UPS) in the Unified Worklist and Procedure Step model.

.. _sect_A.79.2:

RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Plan IE below the Series IE. The
Frame of Reference IE is not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.79.3:

RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.79.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the RT Brachy
Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD.

.. table:: RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Plan              | RT Brachy         | `RT Brachy        | M     |
   |                   | Application Setup | Application Setup |       |
   |                   | Delivery          | Delivery          |       |
   |                   | Instruction       | Instruction       |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <#         |       |
   |                   |                   | sect_C.8.8.30>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | U                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.79.4:

RT Brachy Application Setup Delivery Instruction IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.79.4.1:

Modality
^^^^^^^^

The value of modality (0008,0060) shall be PLAN.

.. _sect_A.80:

Volumetric Presentation State Information Object Definitions
------------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.80.1:

Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.80.1.1:

Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies information that defines a Planar MPR
presentation from volume datasets that are referenced from within the
IOD.

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. spatial registration of the input datasets

b. cropping of the volume datasets by a bounding box, oblique planes and
   segmentation objects

c. the generation geometry of thin and slab Multi-Planar Reconstructions

d. the method for rendering slab Multi-Planar Reconstructions

e. scalar to P-Value or RGB Value conversions

f. compositing of multiple renderings

g. clinical description of the specified view

h. volume and display relative annotations, including graphics, text and
   overlays

i. membership in a collection of related Volumetric Presentation States
   intended to be processed or displayed together

j. the temporal position within a set of temporally related Volumetric
   Presentation States

k. recommendations for animating the view

l. reference to an image depicting the view described by the
   Presentation State

The Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD is used in two SOP
Classes as defined in PS3.4 Storage Service Class, a SOP Class for
grayscale Presentation States intended for presenting a single input,
and a SOP Class for Presentation States that composite multiple inputs
into a single presentation. These are distinguished by their SOP Class
UID and by the Enumerated Value of the mandatory Attribute in the MPR
Volumetric Presentation State Display Module, Pixel Presentation
(0008,9205).

.. _sect_A.80.1.2:

Volumetric Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.80.1.3:

Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.80.1-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Planar
MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | M     |
   | State             | Presentation      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.22>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | M                 |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      |                   |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volume Cropping   | `Volume Cropping  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Global Crop       |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.24>`__ | (0070,120B) or    |       |
   |                   |                   | any value of Crop |       |
   |                   |                   | (0070,1204) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | YES               |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation View | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Description       | View Description  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.25>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-Planar      | `Multi-Planar     | M                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   | Geometry          | Geometry          |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.26>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | MPR Volumetric    | `MPR Volumetric   | M                 |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      |                   |       |
   | State Display     | State Display     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.27>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | U                 |       |
   | Graphic           | Graphic           |                   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.28>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | U                 |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | Graphic Layer     |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | (0070,0002) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | present in the    |       |
   |                   |                   | Volumetric        |       |
   |                   |                   | Graphic           |       |
   |                   |                   | Annotation Module |       |
   |                   |                   | or the Graphic    |       |
   |                   |                   | Annotation Module |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | U                 |       |
   | Animation         | Animation         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.29>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.80.1.4:

Planar MPR Volumetric Presentation State IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.80.1.4.1:

Presentation Input Restrictions
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Presentation Input Type (0070,1202) shall have a value of VOLUME.

If the value of Pixel Presentation (0008,9205) is MONOCHROME, the
Volumetric Presentation State Input Sequence (0070,1201) shall have only
a single Item.

.. _sect_A.80.1.4.2:

Multi-Planar Reconstruction Style
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Multi-Planar Reconstruction Style (0070,1501) shall have a value of
PLANAR.

.. _sect_A.80.1.4.3:

Graphic Annotation Module
'''''''''''''''''''''''''

The following Attributes, if present, shall have a value of DISPLAY:

-  Bounding Box Annotation Units (0070,0003)

-  Anchor Point Annotation Units (0070,0004)

-  Graphic Annotation Units (0070,0005)

-  Compound Graphic Units (0070,0282)

The Display coordinates are relative to the Volumetric Presentation View
produced by this Presentation State.

.. note::

   See for guidance on usage of the graphic annotation styles available
   in this IOD.

.. _sect_A.80.1.4.4:

Volume Cropping Module
''''''''''''''''''''''

The values of Volume Cropping Method (0070,1302) shall be selected from
the following:

BOUNDING_BOX
OBLIQUE_PLANES
INCLUDE_SEG
EXCLUDE_SEG

.. _sect_A.80.1.4.5:

Volumetric Presentation State Reference Coordinate System
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

All SOP Instances referenced in the Volumetric Presentation State
Relationship Module shall be registered to the Volumetric Presentation
State Reference Coordinate System. See `Volumetric Presentation State
Reference Coordinate System <#sect_C.11.23.3>`__.

.. _sect_A.80.2:

Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.80.2.1:

Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State Information Object
Definition (IOD) specifies information that defines a Volume Rendering
presentation from volume datasets that are referenced from within the
IOD.

It includes capabilities for specifying:

a. spatial registration of the input datasets

b. cropping of the volume datasets by a bounding box, oblique planes and
   segmentation objects

c. the generation geometry of volume rendered reconstruction

d. shading models

e. scalar to RGB conversions

f. compositing of multiple volume streams and one volume stream with
   segmentations

g. clinical description of the specified view

h. volume-relative and display-relative annotations, including graphics,
   text and overlays plus optional references to structured content
   providing clinical context to annotations.

i. membership in a collection of related Volumetric Presentation States
   intended to be processed or displayed together

j. the position within a set of sequentially related Volumetric
   Presentation States

k. animation of the view

l. reference to an image depicting the view described by the Volumetric
   Presentation State

The Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD is used in three
SOP Classes as defined in :

-  one SOP Class allowing a single input volume and excluding
   segmentation cropping

-  one SOP Class allowing a single input volume with multiple input
   segmentations each with a distinct classification map

-  one SOP Class allowing multiple input volumes, segmentations, and
   classification maps

.. _sect_A.80.2.2:

Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Presentation State IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.80.2.3:

Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.80.2.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Volume
Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD.

.. table:: Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.11.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | M     |
   | State             | Presentation      | Presentation      |       |
   |                   | State             | State             |       |
   |                   | Identification    | Identification    |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.11.22>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | M                 |       |
   | Presentation      | Presentation      |                   |       |
   | State             | State             |                   |       |
   | Relationship      | Relationship      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volume Cropping   | `Volume Cropping  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | Global Crop       |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.24>`__ | (0070,120B) or    |       |
   |                   |                   | any value of Crop |       |
   |                   |                   | (0070,1204) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | YES               |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation View | `Presentation     | M                 |       |
   | Description       | View Description  |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.25>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volume Render     | `Volume Render    | M                 |       |
   | Geometry          | Geometry          |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.30>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Render Shading    | `Render Shading   | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.31>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Render Display    | `Render Display   | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.32>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Volumetric        | `Volumetric       | U                 |       |
   | Graphic           | Graphic           |                   |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.28>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic           | `Graphic          | U                 |       |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Layer     | `Graphic Layer    | C                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.10.7>`__ | Required if       |       |
   |                   |                   | Graphic Layer     |       |
   |                   |                   | (0070,0002) is    |       |
   |                   |                   | present in the    |       |
   |                   |                   | Volumetric        |       |
   |                   |                   | Graphic           |       |
   |                   |                   | Annotation Module |       |
   |                   |                   | or Graphic        |       |
   |                   |                   | Annotation Module |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Graphic Group     | `Graphic Group    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.10.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Presentation      | `Presentation     | U                 |       |
   | Animation         | Animation         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.29>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.80.2.4:

Volume Rendering Volumetric Presentation State IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.80.2.4.1:

Presentation Input Restrictions
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Presentation Input Type (0070,1202) shall have a value of VOLUME.

See for SOP Class-specific Presentation Input Restrictions.

.. _sect_A.80.2.4.2:

Graphic Annotation Module
                         

The values of the following Attributes, if present, shall be DISPLAY:

-  Bounding Box Annotation Units (0070,0003)

-  Anchor Point Annotation Units (0070,0004)

-  Graphic Annotation Units (0070,0005)

-  Compound Graphics Units (0070,0282)

.. note::

   The specified annotation is associated with the specified View and
   not with the input data, and may have clinical relevance only to the
   specified View. Therefore, if an application alters the View from
   that defined by the Presentation State, annotation may no longer be
   clinically correct.

.. _sect_A.80.2.4.3:

Render Shading Module
                     

If the Render Shading Module is omitted for a rendered view, an unshaded
volume rendering shall be performed.

.. _sect_A.80.2.4.4:

Volumetric Presentation State Reference Coordinate System
                                                         

All SOP Instances referenced in the Volumetric Presentation State
Relationship Module shall be registered to the Volumetric Presentation
State Reference Coordinate System. See C.11.23.3.

.. _sect_A.81:

Content Assessment Results IOD
------------------------------

.. _sect_A.81.1:

Content Assessment Results IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This IOD represents the results of an assessment of the content of one
or more SOP Instance(s). The assessment may be performed automatically
without human intervention. There is no provision for encoding
verification or approval by a human, although a human may be involved in
determining whether the contents meet certain criteria. This IOD is not
intended to communicate approval to proceed with the clinical workflow.

The Content Assessment Results SOP Instance is not required to be part
of the same Study as the assessed SOP Instances.

.. _sect_A.81.2:

Content Assessment Results IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Content Assessment Results IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD
Entity-Relationship Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Content
Assessment Results IE below the Series IE. The Frame of Reference IE is
not a component of this IOD.

.. _sect_A.81.3:

Content Assessment Results IOD Module Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.81.3-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Content
Assessment Results IOD.

.. table:: Content Assessment Results IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Content           | Content           | `Content          | M     |
   | Assessment        | Assessment        | Assessment        |       |
   | Results           | Results           | Results           |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.33.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.81.4:

Content Assessment Results IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.81.4.1:

Modality
^^^^^^^^

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be ASMT.

.. _sect_A.82:

Procedure Protocol Information Object Definitions
-------------------------------------------------

Procedure Protocol Information Object Definitions (IODs) encode the
details of procedure protocols.

Separate IODs are defined for different types of Procedure Protocol,
such as a CT image acquistion Procedure Protocol. A CT Performed
Procedure Protocol IOD encodes the details of a procedure that has been
performed, and a CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD specifies details of
a procedure that may be used for one or more Procedure Protocols to be
peformed in the future.

.. _sect_A.82.1:

CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.82.1.1:

CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD describes acquisition and
reconstruction protocol parameter values used during a specific
performed CT procedure.

.. _sect_A.82.1.2:

CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Procedure Protocol IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.82.1.3:

CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: CT Performed Procedure Protocol IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced Series   | `Enhanced Series  | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | CT Protocol       | `CT Protocol      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Procedure         | Protocol Context  | `Protocol Context | M     |
   | Protocol          |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.34.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Protocol  | `Patient Protocol | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Instructions      | `Instructions     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | U                 |       |
   | Positioning       | Positioning       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Performed CT      | `Performed CT     | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Performed CT      | `Performed CT     | U                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Performed Storage | `Performed        | U                 |       |
   |                   | Storage           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.82.2:

CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.82.2.1:

CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD describes acquisition protocol
parameters and related details for a defined CT procedure.

See for explanatory information and examples.

.. _sect_A.82.2.2:

CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Procedure Protocol in a CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD is not
associated with a specific Patient, however it is associated with the
equipment that created the Instance.

The E-R model for the CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD is shown in
`figure_title <#figure_A.82.2.2-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.82.2.3:

CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. table:: CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Procedure         | Protocol Context  | `Protocol Context | M     |
   | Protocol          |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.34.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Context           | Context           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | U                 |       |
   | Specification     | Specification     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | `Equipment        | M                 |       |
   | Specification     | Specification     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Instructions      | `Instructions     | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.7>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient           | `Patient          | U                 |       |
   | Positioning       | Positioning       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.8>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Defined CT        | `Defined CT       | U                 |       |
   | Acquisition       | Acquisition       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.34.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Defined CT        | `Defined CT       | U                 |       |
   | Reconstruction    | Reconstruction    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.11>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Defined Storage   | `Defined Storage  | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.82.2.3.1:

CT Defined Procedure Protocol IOD Content Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.82.2.3.1.1:

Equipment Modality Attribute
                            

The value of Equipment Modality (0008,0221) shall be CT.

.. note::

   An application can query for Protocols by matching on the
   modality-specific Defined Protocol SOP Class.

.. _sect_A.82.3:

Protocol Approval Information Object Definitions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Protocol Approval Information Object Definitions (IODs) record the
details of an approval of DICOM Instances that contain protocols.

.. _sect_A.82.3.1:

Protocol Approval IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.82.3.1.1:

Protocol Approval IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Protocol Approval IOD describes approval-related Assertions made by
people, organizations and devices about Instances.

.. _sect_A.82.3.1.2:

Protocol Approval IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The E-R model for the Protocol Approval IOD is shown in
`figure_title <#figure_A.82.3.3.2-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.82.3.1.3:

Protocol Approval IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: Protocol Approval IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Approval          | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Protocol Approval | `Protocol         | M                 |       |
   |                   | Approval          |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.34.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.83:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD
---------------------------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used with several types
of en face images that are derived from volumetric images obtained using
OCT technology. En face images may be based upon structural OCT volumes
and surface mesh information only or structural OCT volumes, surface
mesh information and angiographic flow volume information.

.. _sect_A.83.1:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD specifies
a single-frame image derived from images obtained using OCT technology.
This IOD encodes a single derived en face image.

.. _sect_A.83.2:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD uses the
DICOM Composite Instance IOD Entity-Relationship Information Model
defined in Section A.1.2. The Series IE contains only an Image IE.

.. _sect_A.83.3:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.83-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Ophthalmic
Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image IOD
Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Tomography En     | Tomography En     |                   |       |
   | Face Series       | Face Series       |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | General Image     | `General Image    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Palette Color     | `Palette Color    | C - Required if   |       |
   | Lookup Table      | Lookup Table      | Photometric       |       |
   |                   | Module            | Interpretation    |       |
   |                   |  <#sect_C.7.9>`__ | (0028,0004) has a |       |
   |                   |                   | value of PALETTE  |       |
   |                   |                   | COLOR             |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Optical Coherence | Optical Coherence |                   |       |
   | Tomography En     | Tomography En     |                   |       |
   | Face Image        | Face Image        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ocular Region     | `Ocular Region    | M                 |       |
   | Imaged            | Imaged            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.8.17.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | C - Required if   |       |
   | Optical Coherence | Optical Coherence | device calculates |       |
   | Tomography En     | Tomography En     | quality rating    |       |
   | Face Image        | Face Image        |                   |       |
   | Quality Rating    | Quality Rating    |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.83.4:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography En Face Image Image IOD Content Constraints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following constraints on Series and Image Attributes take precedence
over the descriptions given in the Module Attribute Tables.

.. _sect_A.83.4.1:

Frame of Reference UID
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The value for the Frame of Reference UID (0020,0052) in this SOP
Instance shall convey the same value as the Frame of Reference UID
(0020,0052) of the SOP Instance(s) referenced in Attribute Source Image
Sequence (0008,2112).

.. _sect_A.84:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD
------------------------------------------------------------------

This Section defines an Information Object to be used for multi-frame
images obtained from the volumetric analysis of ophthalmic tomography
B-scans (e.g., ophthalmic tomography angiographic (blood flow) volume
information).

.. _sect_A.84.1:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD
specifies a multi-frame image conveying ophthalmic optical coherence
tomography volumetric B-scan volume analysis information (e.g.,
angiographic (blood flow) volume information).

.. _sect_A.84.2:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD Entity-Relationship Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD
uses the DICOM Composite Instance IOD Entity-Relationship Information
Model defined in Section A.1.2.

.. _sect_A.84.3:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`table_title <#table_A.84-1>`__ specifies the Modules of the Ophthalmic
Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume
Analysis IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Tomography B-scan | Tomography B-scan |                   |       |
   | Volume Analysis   | Volume Analysis   |                   |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Image             | Image Pixel       | `Image Pixel      | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.6.3>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Ophthalmic        | `Ophthalmic       | M                 |       |
   | Optical Coherence | Optical Coherence |                   |       |
   | Tomography B-scan | Tomography B-scan |                   |       |
   | Volume Analysis   | Volume Analysis   |                   |       |
   | Image             | Image             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#s        |                   |       |
   |                   | ect_C.8.17.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Functional Groups | Functional Groups |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Multi-frame       | `Multi-frame      | M                 |       |
   | Dimension         | Dimension         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <#         |                   |       |
   |                   | sect_C.7.6.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | U                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame Extraction  | `Frame Extraction | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module            | the SOP Instance  |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.3>`__ | was created in    |       |
   |                   |                   | response to a     |       |
   |                   |                   | Frame-Level       |       |
   |                   |                   | retrieve request  |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.84.3.1:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The General Image Module, Overlay Plane Module, Modality LUT Module and
VOI LUT Module shall not be used in a Standard Extended SOP Class of the
Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis SOP
Class.

.. note::

   In order to annotate a B-scan Volume Analysis, SOP Instances of the
   Grayscale Softcopy Presentation State Storage or the Structured
   Report Storage SOP Classes that reference the SOP Instance may be
   used.

Pseudo-color presentation information may be applied through the use of
separate Pseudo-color Softcopy Presentation State SOP Instances.

No standard mechanism is provided for inclusion of annotations within
the image SOP Instance itself and implementers are discouraged from
using private extensions to circumvent this restriction.

.. _sect_A.84.3.2:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis Functional Group Macros
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.84.3.2-1>`__ specifies the use of the Functional
Group Macros used in the Multi-frame Functional Groups Modulefor the
Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD.

.. table:: Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume
Analysis Functional Group Macros

   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Functional Group     | Section              | Usage                |
   | Macro                |                      |                      |
   +======================+======================+======================+
   | Pixel Measures       | `Pixel Measures      | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.1>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Orientation    | `Plane Orientation   | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.4>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Plane Position       | `Plane Position      | M                    |
   | (Patient)            | (Patient)            |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.3>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Content        | `Frame Content       | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.2>`__ | Functional Group.    |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Referenced Image     | `Referenced Image    | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.5>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Derivation Image     | `Derivation Image    | M - May not be used  |
   |                      | Macro <#s            | as a Shared          |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.6>`__ | Functional Group     |
   |                      |                      | (see `Derivation     |
   |                      |                      | Image Functional     |
   |                      |                      | Group <#s            |
   |                      |                      | ect_A.84.3.2.1.1>`__ |
   |                      |                      | for specialization). |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame Anatomy        | `Frame Anatomy       | M                    |
   |                      | Macro <#s            |                      |
   |                      | ect_C.7.6.16.2.8>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Frame VOI LUT With   | `Frame VOI LUT With  | M                    |
   | LUT Macro            | LUT                  |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#sec          |                      |
   |                      | t_C.7.6.16.2.10b>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
   | Real World Value     | `Real World Value    | U                    |
   | Mapping              | Mapping              |                      |
   |                      | Macro <#se           |                      |
   |                      | ct_C.7.6.16.2.11>`__ |                      |
   +----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

.. _sect_A.84.3.2.1:

Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume Analysis IOD Content Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

This source for an Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography B-scan Volume
Analysis SOP Instance is one or more multi-frame Ophthalmic Tomography
SOP Instance(s). The correlation is encoded at the Frame Level and
conveyed in the Derivation Image Macro (see `Relationship Between
Ophthalmic Tomography Image and Ophthalmic Optical Coherence Tomography
B-scan Volume Analysis IODs <#sect_C.8.17.14.1.7>`__ for examples).

.. _sect_A.84.3.2.1.1:

Derivation Image Functional Group
                                 

The following constraints to the Derivation Image Macro shall apply:

1. Derivation Image Sequence (0008,9124) shall be Type 1

2. The value for Derivation Code Sequence (0008,9215) shall be (128303,
   DCM, "OCT B-scan analysis")

3. Source Image Sequence (0008,2112) shall be Type 1 and contain one
   Item. The referenced SOP Instance shall have the same value for Frame
   of Reference UID (0020,0052) as this SOP Instance

4. The value for Referenced SOP Class UID (0008,1150) shall be
   Ophthalmic Tomography Image Storage
   ("1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.77.1.5.4")

5. The value for Purpose of Reference Code Sequence (0040,A170) shall be
   (128250, DCM, "Structural image for imaging processing")

6. The value for Spatial Locations Preserved (0028,135A) shall be YES

.. _sect_A.85:

Encapsulated 3D Manufacturing Model IODs
----------------------------------------

.. _sect_A.85.1:

Encapsulated STL IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.85.1.1:

Encapsulated STL IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated STL Information Object Definition (IOD) describes a 3D
model in Stereolithography (STL) format that has been encapsulated
within a DICOM Information Object.

.. _sect_A.85.1.2:

Encapsulated STL Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Encapsulated Document IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.85.1.3:

Encapsulated STL IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.85.1-1>`__ specifies the Encapsulated STL IOD
Modules.

.. table:: Encapsulated STL IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Encapsulated      | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   | Document          | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Manufacturing 3D  | `Manufacturing 3D | M                 |       |
   | Model             | Model             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.35.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | other Instances   |       |
   |                   | Module            | are referenced    |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. note::

   The `Specimen Identification Module <#sect_C.7.1.2>`__ was previously
   included in this IOD but has been retired. See
   `PS3.3-2008 <ftp://medical.nema.org/MEDICAL/Dicom/2008/08_03pu.pdf>`__.

.. _sect_A.85.1.4:

Encapsulated STL IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.85.1.4.1:

Encapsulated Document
'''''''''''''''''''''

The Encapsulated Document (0042,0011) Attribute shall contain a binary
STL byte stream `biblioentry_title <#biblio_STL_1989>`__. The
encapsulated document may include negative vertex coordinates.

.. note::

   1. The original STL specification in 1989 required that all 3 vertex
      coordinates of each triangle be located in the positive quadrant.
      The creators of the standard (3D Systems) later relaxed this
      restriction and negative coordinates were allowed. It is common
      practice in medical usage for STL models to align with the
      coordinate system of the source DICOM data, which will often
      result in negative vertex coordinates.

   2. The Frame Of Reference UID (0020,0052) is an identifier for the
      origin and axes implicit in the STL data.

.. _sect_A.85.1.4.2:

MIME Type of Encapsulated Document
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

model/stl

.. _sect_A.85.1.4.3:

Modality
''''''''

M3D

.. _sect_A.85.2:

Encapsulated OBJ IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.85.2.1:

Encapsulated OBJ IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated OBJ Information Object Definition (IOD) describes a 3D
model in OBJ format. Any supporting material library file (MTL) and
supporting 2D texture map image files are addressed in other distinct
IODs (see `Encapsulated MTL IOD Description <#sect_A.85.3.1>`__ and
`Multi-frame True Color SC Image IOD Content
Constraints <#sect_A.8.5.4>`__).

.. _sect_A.85.2.2:

Encapsulated OBJ Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Encapsulated Document IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.85.2.3:

Encapsulated OBJ IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.85.2-1>`__ specifies the Encapsulated OBJ IOD
Modules.

.. table:: Encapsulated OBJ IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Encapsulated      | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   | Document          | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Manufacturing 3D  | `Manufacturing 3D | M                 |       |
   | Model             | Model             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.35.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | other Instances   |       |
   |                   | Module            | are referenced    |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.85.2.4:

Encapsulated OBJ IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.85.2.4.1:

Encapsulated Document
'''''''''''''''''''''

The Encapsulated Document (0042,0011) Attribute shall contain an ASCII
OBJ byte stream `biblioentry_title <#biblio_OBJ>`__.

.. note::

   The Frame Of Reference UID (0020,0052) is an identifier for the
   origin and axes implicit in the OBJ data.

.. _sect_A.85.2.4.2:

MIME Type of Encapsulated Document
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

model/obj

.. _sect_A.85.2.4.3:

Modality
''''''''

M3D

.. _sect_A.85.3:

Encapsulated MTL IOD
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _sect_A.85.3.1:

Encapsulated MTL IOD Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Encapsulated MTL Information Object Definition (IOD) describes in
MTL format a materials library used by an Encapsulated OBJ 3D model (see
`Encapsulated OBJ IOD Description <#sect_A.85.2.1>`__).

.. _sect_A.85.3.2:

Encapsulated MTL Entity-Relationship Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This IOD uses the E-R Model in `IOD Entity-Relationship
Model <#sect_A.1.2>`__, with only the Encapsulated Document IE below the
Series IE.

.. _sect_A.85.3.3:

Encapsulated MTL IOD Module Table
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`table_title <#table_A.85.3-1>`__ specifies the Encapsulated MTL IOD
Modules.

.. table:: Encapsulated MTL IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   |                   | Document Series   | Document Series   |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Encapsulated      | Encapsulated      | `Encapsulated     | M     |
   | Document          | Document          | Document          |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.24.2>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Manufacturing 3D  | `Manufacturing 3D | M                 |       |
   | Model             | Model             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.35.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | ICC Profile       | `ICC Profile      | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.11.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | C - Required if   |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         | other Instances   |       |
   |                   | Module            | are referenced    |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.85.3.4:

Encapsulated MTL IOD Content Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.85.3.4.1:

Encapsulated Document
'''''''''''''''''''''

The Encapsulated Document (0042,0011) Attribute shall contain an ASCII
MTL byte stream `biblioentry_title <#biblio_OBJ>`__.

.. _sect_A.85.3.4.2:

MIME Type of Encapsulated Document
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

model/mtl

.. _sect_A.85.3.4.3:

Modality
''''''''

M3D

.. _sect_A.86:

RT Second Generation
--------------------

.. _sect_A.86.1:

RT Second Generation Objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This section provides a brief description of the IODs of RT Second
Generation. Specifically, this description includes:

-  The Real-World Object which is represented by the IOD.

-  Information as to the scope of the represented object, if
   appropriate.

.. _sect_A.86.1.1:

RT Second Generation Common Information
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This section provides a description of the Module structure which is
shared by the RT Second Generation IODs.

.. _sect_A.86.1.1.1:

RT Second Generation Entity-Relationship Model
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The E-R Model in `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__ depicts those
components of the DICOM Information Model that are relevant to RT Second
Generation IODs.

.. _sect_A.86.1.1.1.1:

Use of Study and Series in RT Second Generation Radiotherapy
                                                            

For first generation IODs, no specific semantics are attached to a Study
or a Series in RT. Similarly, for RT Second Generation IODs, internal
references shall be used to relate and locate SOP Instances rather than
making assumptions about how related SOP Instances are grouped into
Studies or Series. For practical reasons it may be indicated to create a
new Study separate from imaging Studies that are used for
radiotherapeutic planning because of billing or reimbursement for Series
that contain RT Instances.

Implementers should also note that the DICOM Standard, in general, does
place some restrictions on how such SOP Instances should be grouped, as
defined in `Series IE <#sect_A.1.2.3>`__.

For non-image modalities like radiotherapy, the Series may not be the
most efficient way to search for objects. Instead, an application might
find it easier to use references in the RT Course object, Key Object
Selection objects or Unified Worklist Procedure Steps to directly
retrieve required Instances rather than search for them.

.. _sect_A.86.1.2:

RT Physician Intent IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.1:

RT Physician Intent IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The RT Physician Intent IOD carries the prescriptions by which the
physician describes the therapeutic goal and strategy for the
radiotherapeutic treatment.

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.2:

RT Physician Intent IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.3:

RT Physician Intent IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: RT Physician Intent IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Physician      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Intent            |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Physician      | `RT Physician     | M                 |       |
   | Intent            | Intent            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.5>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Enhanced       | `RT Enhanced      | U                 |       |
   | Prescription      | Prescription      |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.6>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Treatment      | `RT Treatment     | C - Required if   |       |
   | Phase Intent      | Phase Intent      | RT Treatment      |       |
   |                   | Module            | Phase Intent      |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.7>`__ | Presence Flag     |       |
   |                   |                   | (3010,0045)       |       |
   |                   |                   | equals YES.       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.4:

RT Physician Intent IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTINTENT.

.. _sect_A.86.1.2.4.2:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.3:

RT Segment Annotation IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.1:

RT Segment Annotation IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The RT Segment Annotation IOD annotates any general-purpose entity that
represents geometric information such as Segmentation IOD, Surface
Segmentation IOD, and RT Structure Set IOD with radiotherapy-specific
information that cannot be encoded in the content of the annotated SOP
Instance, or overrides that content with new or additional
interpretation.

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.2:

RT Segment Annotation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.3:

RT Segment Annotation IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: RT Segment Annotation IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Segment        | RT Segment        | `RT Segment       | M     |
   | Annotation        | Annotation        | Annotation        |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.36.8>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Segment Reference | `Segment          | M                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.9>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | General Reference | `General          | M                 |       |
   |                   | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.4:

RT Segment Annotation IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTSEGANN.

.. _sect_A.86.1.3.4.2:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.4:

RT Radiation Set IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.1:

RT Radiation Set IOD Description
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The RT Radiation Set IOD represents an RT Radiation Set, which is a set
of radiation deliveries that are intended to be delivered together in a
single fraction (see `RT Radiation Set <#sect_7.14.5>`__). The RT
Radiation Set also contains a description of the fractionation pattern,
the intended number of fractions and the associated dose contributions.

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.2:

RT Radiation Set IOD Entity-Relationship Model
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.3:

RT Radiation Set IOD Module Table
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: RT Radiation Set IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation Set  | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation Set  | `RT Radiation Set | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.10>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Dose           | `RT Dose          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contribution      | Contribution      | the dose          |       |
   |                   | Module <          | delivered is      |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.11>`__ | tracked.          |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.4:

RT Radiation Set IOD Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.4.2:

RT Radiation Set and Referenced RT Radiation Instances
                                                      

The User Content Label (3010,0033) in each RT Radiation Instance shall
be unique across all SOP Instances referenced by an Instance of the RT
Radiation Set.

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.4.3:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.4.4.4:

RT Dose Contribution Module
                           

Where dose contributions are not available at the time of RT Radiation
Set definition and application (e.g., for emergency treatments) this
Module may be absent. This does not exclude retrospective dose
calculation and creation of associated RT Dose Image objects.

.. _sect_A.86.1.5:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.1:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD describes a radiotherapy
treatment to be performed on a C-Arm delivery device using photon or
electron radiation.

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.2:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.3:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Common            | Common            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | C-Arm             | `C-Arm            | M                 |       |
   | Photon-Electron   | Photon-Electron   |                   |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | C-Arm             | `C-Arm            | M                 |       |
   | Photon-Electron   | Photon-Electron   |                   |       |
   | Beam              | Beam              |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.4:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The Value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall be
1.2.840.10008.1.4.3.1, which identifies the IEC 61217 Fixed Coordinate
System Frame of Reference; see `IEC 61217 Fixed Reference System Frame
of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.1>`__.

The Frame of Reference identifies the Patient Coordinate System used to
define the geometric setup of the radiation beam with respect to the
patient. The relationship of the patient-based coordinates to the
Equipment Frame of Reference is specified by a transformation (see
`Patient to Equipment Relationship Macro <#sect_10.39>`__).

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D.
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, “Nominal Radiation Source
Location”).

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.4.3:

RT Radiation Common Module
                          

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be NO.

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

======================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                            CID
======================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)         D.
Treatment Machine Special Mode Code Sequence (300A,0635) D.
======================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.5.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the specified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | Organizational Role Code         |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.6:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.1:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD represents the information required to
describe a radiotherapy treatment on a serial or helical tomotherapeutic
delivery device.

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.2:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.3:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Common            | Common            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tomotherapeutic   | `Tomotherapeutic  | M                 |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tomotherapeutic   | `Tomotherapeutic  | M                 |       |
   | Beam              | Beam              |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.4:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall be
1.2.840.10008.1.4.3.1, which identifies the IEC 61217 Fixed Coordinate
System Frame of Reference; see `IEC 61217 Fixed Reference System Frame
of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.1>`__.

The Frame of Reference identifies the Patient Coordinate System used to
define the geometric setup of the radiation beam with respect to the
patient. The relationship of the patient-based coordinates to the
Equipment Frame of Reference is specified by a transformation (see
`Patient to Equipment Relationship Macro <#sect_10.39>`__).

The following Code Sequence shall have a value from the identified CID:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, “Nominal Radiation Source
Location”).

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.4.3:

RT Radiation Common Module
                          

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be NO.

The following Code Sequences shall have a value from the identified
CIDs:

======================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                            CID
======================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)         D
Treatment Machine Special Mode Code Sequence (300A,0635) D
======================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.6.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequence shall have a value from the identified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | Organizational Role Code         |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.7:

Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.1:

Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD specifies the Robotic Path and collimation
parameters required to describe a radiotherapy treatment on a
robotic-arm delivery device. A Robotic Path is a sequence of Robotic
Nodes. A Robotic Node specifies a Radiation Source location for a
Robotic-Arm delivery device.

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.2:

Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.3:

Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Common            | Common            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.13>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Robotic-Arm       | `Robotic-Arm      | M                 |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Robotic-Arm Path  | `Robotic-Arm Path | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.4:

Robotic-Arm Radiation IOD Module Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall be
1.2.840.10008.1.4.3.2, which identifies the Standard Robotic-Arm
Coordinate System Frame of Reference; see `Standard Robotic-Arm
Coordinate System Frame of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.2>`__.

The Frame of Reference identifies the Patient Coordinate System used to
define the geometric setup of the radiation beam with respect to the
patient. The relationship of the patient-based coordinates to the
Equipment Frame of Reference is specified by a transformation (see
`Patient to Equipment Relationship Macro <#sect_10.39>`__).

The following code sequences shall have a value from the identified CID:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, “Nominal Radiation Source
Location”).

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.4.3:

RT Radiation Common Module
                          

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be NO.

The following code sequences shall have a value from the identified CID:

======================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                            CID
======================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)         D
Treatment Machine Special Mode Code Sequence (300A,0635) D
======================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.7.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequence shall have a value from the identified CID:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | Organizational Role Code         |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.8:

RT Radiation Record Set IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The RT Radiation Record Set IOD contains the record of a radiotherapy
treatment that has been performed based on an RT Radiation Set SOP
Instance.

.. _sect_A.86.1.8.1:

RT Radiation Record Set IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.8.2:

RT Radiation Record Set IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.8.3:

RT Radiation Record Set IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: RT Radiation Record Set IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivered      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Radiation         |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Record Set        | Record Set        |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.20>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Dose           | `RT Dose          | C - Required if   |       |
   | Contribution      | Contribution      | the dose          |       |
   | Record            | Record            | delivered is      |       |
   |                   | Module <          | tracked.          |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.21>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.8.4:

RT Radiation Record Set IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.8.4.1:

RT Dose Contribution Record
                           

Where dose contributions are not available at the time of delivery of
the radiotherapeutic treatments specified by the RT Radiation Set IOD
(e.g., for emergency treatments), the RT Dose Contribution Record Module
may be absent. This does not exclude retrospective dose calculation and
creation of associated RT Dose Image objects.

.. _sect_A.86.1.9:

RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.1:

RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD Description
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD contains the record of a complete or
partial fraction of therapeutic radiation delivered using any
therapeutic device where recording by the modality-specific RT Radiation
Record IOD was not possible.

A device usually creates RT Radiation Record SOP Instances using
modality-specific RT Radiation Record IODs and transfers these Instances
to a system that captures treatment records. If this process fails (e.g.
because of failed transfer operations) and the recorded SOP Instances
are not recoverable from the device, the RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD
may be used to represent radiation delivery captured by a manual entry
of the delivered treatment. Systems providing manual entry capabilities
might not be able to create a modality-specific RT Radiation Record SOP
Instance covering all device-specific parameters in question and/or the
user might not know all the details. Therefore, the modality-specific RT
Radiation Record IODs cannot be properly populated. The RT Radiation
Salvage Record IOD allows essential information to be recorded.

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.2:

RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.3:

RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD Module Table
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | U     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivered      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Radiation         |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Record Common     | Record Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Salvage Record    | Salvage Record    |                   |       |
   | Module            | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.23>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4:

RT Radiation Salvage Record IOD Constraints
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall have the value
used by the SOP Instance referenced in the Referenced RT Instance
Sequence (300A,0631) of the RT Radiation Record Common Module.

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Radiation Dosimeter Unit         | Defined CID is the CID specified |
| Sequence (300A,0658)             | for the SOP Instance referenced  |
|                                  | in the Referenced RT Instance    |
|                                  | Sequence (300A,0631) of the RT   |
|                                  | Radiation Record Common Module.  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4.3:

RT Radiation Record Common Module
                                 

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be YES.

The value of Treatment Record Content Origin (300A,0709) shall be USER.

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| RT Treatment Technique Code      | Defined CID is the CID specified |
| Sequence (3010,0080)             | for the SOP Instance referenced  |
|                                  | in the Referenced RT Instance    |
|                                  | Sequence (300A,0631) of the RT   |
|                                  | Radiation Record Common Module.  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Treatment Machine Special Mode   | Defined CID is the CID specified |
| Sequence (300A,0635)             | for the SOP Instance referenced  |
|                                  | in the Referenced RT Instance    |
|                                  | Sequence (300A,0631) of the RT   |
|                                  | Radiation Record Common Module.  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.9.4.5:

Frame of Reference Module
                         

The Frame of Reference UID (0020,0052) identifies the patient-based
Frame of Reference while the therapeutic radiation was delivered. The
Frame of Reference UID relates the geometric parameters of this SOP
Instance to other SOP Instances such as Images, Segmentations, etc. If
the patient moves with respect to the patient positioning device between
the delivery recorded by the current SOP Instance and another SOP
Instance, a new Frame of Reference UID shall be issued for any SOP
Instances created after the move. See also `Frame of Reference
Module <#sect_C.7.4.1>`__.

The relationship between the patient-oriented coordinate system
identified by this Frame of Reference and the Equipment Coordinate
System is described in `Patient to Equipment Relationship Macro
Attributes Description <#sect_10.39.1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.10:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.1:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD Description
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD contains the record of a
radiotherapy treatment that has been performed using a C-Arm
Photon-Electron Radiation SOP Instance.

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.2:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.3:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD Module Table
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivered      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Radiation         |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Record Common     | Record Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | C-Arm             | `C-Arm            | M                 |       |
   | Photon-Electron   | Photon-Electron   |                   |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.14>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | C-Arm             | `C-Arm            | M                 |       |
   | Photon-Electron   | Photon-Electron   |                   |       |
   | Beam              | Beam              |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.15>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4:

C-Arm Photon-Electron Radiation Record IOD Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall be
1.2.840.10008.1.4.3.1, which identifies the IEC 61217 Fixed Coordinate
System Frame of Reference, see `IEC 61217 Fixed Reference System Frame
of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.1>`__.

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, "Nominal Radiation Source
Location").

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4.3:

RT Radiation Record Common Module
                                 

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be YES. The value of RT
Radiation Physical and Geometric Content Detail Flag (300A,0638) shall
be IDENT_ONLY.

The following code sequences shall have a value from the identified
CIDs:

=================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                       CID
=================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)    D
Treatment Machine Special Mode Sequence (300A,0635) D
=================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.10.4.5:

Frame of Reference Module
                         

See `Frame of Reference Module <#sect_A.86.1.9.4.5>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.11:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.1:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD Description
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD contains the record of a
radiotherapy treatment that has been performed using a Tomotherapeutic
Radiation SOP Instance.

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.2:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.3:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD Module Table
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivered      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Radiation         |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Record Common     | Record Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tomotherapeutic   | `Tomotherapeutic  | M                 |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.16>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Tomotherapeutic   | `Tomotherapeutic  | M                 |       |
   | Beam              | Beam              |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.17>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4:

Tomotherapeutic Radiation Record IOD Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall
be1.2.840.10008.1.4.3.1, which identifies the IEC 61217 Fixed Coordinate
System Frame of Reference, see `IEC 61217 Fixed Reference System Frame
of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.1>`__.

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, "Nominal Radiation Source
Location").

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4.3:

RT Radiation Record Common Module
                                 

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be YES. The value of RT
Radiation Physical and Geometric Content Detail Flag (300A,0638) shall
be IDENT_ONLY.

The following code sequences shall have a value from the identified
CIDs:

=================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                       CID
=================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)    D
Treatment Machine Special Mode Sequence (300A,0635) D
=================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | Organizational Role Code         |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D.          |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.11.4.5:

Frame of Reference Module
                         

See `Frame of Reference Module <#sect_A.86.1.9.4.5>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.12:

Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.1:

Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD Description
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD contains the record of a
radiotherapy treatment that has been performed using a Robotic-Arm
Radiation SOP Instance.

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.2:

Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD Entity-Relationship Model
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

See `figure_title <#figure_A.86.1.1.1-1>`__.

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.3:

Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD Module Table
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. table:: Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD Modules

   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | IE                | Module            | Reference         | Usage |
   +===================+===================+===================+=======+
   | Patient           | Patient           | `Patient          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Subject           | Subject           |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.1.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Study             | General Study     | `General Study    | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Patient Study     | `Patient Study    | U                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Study             | Study             |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.2.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Series            | General Series    | `General Series   | M     |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Clinical Trial    | `Clinical Trial   | U                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.3.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced RT       | `Enhanced RT      | M                 |       |
   | Series            | Series            |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.3>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Equipment         | General Equipment | `General          | M     |
   |                   |                   | Equipment         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Enhanced General  | `Enhanced General | M                 |       |
   | Equipment         | Equipment         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.5.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Frame of          | Frame of          | `Frame of         | M     |
   | Reference         | Reference         | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module <          |       |
   |                   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.1>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Synchronization   | `Synchronization  | C - Required if   |       |
   |                   | Module <          | time              |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.7.4.2>`__ | synchronization   |       |
   |                   |                   | was applied       |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivered      | General Reference | `General          | M     |
   | Radiation         |                   | Reference         |       |
   |                   |                   | Module            |       |
   |                   |                   | <#sect_C.12.4>`__ |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Delivery       | `RT Delivery      | M                 |       |
   | Device Common     | Device Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.12>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | RT Radiation      | `RT Radiation     | M                 |       |
   | Record Common     | Record Common     |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.22>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Robotic-Arm       | `Robotic-Arm      | M                 |       |
   | Delivery Device   | Delivery Device   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.18>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Robotic-Arm Path  | `Robotic-Arm Path | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module <          |                   |       |
   |                   | #sect_C.36.19>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | SOP Common        | `SOP Common       | M                 |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.1>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Common Instance   | `Common Instance  | M                 |       |
   | Reference         | Reference         |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.12.2>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+
   | Radiotherapy      | `Radiotherapy     | M                 |       |
   | Common Instance   | Common Instance   |                   |       |
   |                   | Module            |                   |       |
   |                   | <#sect_C.36.4>`__ |                   |       |
   +-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4:

Robotic-Arm Radiation Record IOD Constraints
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4.1:

Modality Attribute
                  

The value of Modality (0008,0060) shall be RTRAD.

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4.2:

RT Delivery Device Common Module
                                

The Equipment Frame of Reference UID (300A,0675) shall be
1.2.840.10008.1.4..3.2, which identifies the Standard Robotic-Arm
Coordinate System Frame of Reference, see `Standard Robotic-Arm
Coordinate System Frame of Reference <#sect_C.36.12.2.2>`__.

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

============================================= ===
Code Sequence                                 CID
============================================= ===
Radiation Dosimeter Unit Sequence (300A,0658) D
============================================= ===

The RT Device Distance Reference Location Code Sequence (300A,0659)
shall contain the value (130358, DCM, "Nominal Radiation Source
Location").

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4.3:

RT Radiation Record Common Module
                                 

The value of RT Record Flag (300A,0639) shall be YES. The value of RT
Radiation Physical and Geometric Content Detail Flag (300A,0638) shall
be IDENT_ONLY.

The following code sequences shall have a value from the identified
CIDs:

=================================================== ===
Code Sequence                                       CID
=================================================== ===
RT Treatment Technique Code Sequence (3010,0080)    D
Treatment Machine Special Mode Sequence (300A,0635) D
=================================================== ===

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4.4:

Radiotherapy Common Instance Module
                                   

The following code sequences shall have values from the identified CIDs:

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Code Sequence                    | CID                              |
+==================================+==================================+
| Author Identification Sequence   | For Organizational Role Code     |
| (3010,0019)                      | Sequence (0044,010A) D shall be  |
|                                  | used.                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

.. _sect_A.86.1.12.4.5:

Frame of Reference Module
                         

See `Frame of Reference Module <#sect_A.86.1.9.4.5>`__.

