.. _chapter_Foreword:

Foreword
========

The DICOM Standards Committee is an independent, international standards
development organization comprising biomedical professional societies
whose specialties include the use of medical imaging, manufacturers of
medical imaging equipment and related information systems, and
government agencies, trade associations, and other standards development
organizations with an interest in standardization of medical imaging
information and related data. Membership is open to all organizations
with a material interest in the work of the Committee. The Committee
collaborates closely with other standards development organizations in
the fields of Healthcare Informatics and Electrical Equipment in Medical
Practice. The Secretariat of the Committee is the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association and its Medical Imaging and Technology
Alliance division.

The principal product of the Committee is this Standard, Digital Imaging
and Communications in Medicine (DICOM).

This DICOM Standard was developed according to the procedures of the
DICOM Standards Committee.

The DICOM Standard is structured as a multi-part document using the
guidelines established in
`biblioentry_title <#biblio_ISODirectives2>`__.

The Standard is published as NEMA Standard PS3, and its Parts are
identified by the numbering of the NEMA publication (PS3.1, PS3.2,
etc.).

DICOM® is the registered trademark of the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association for its standards publications relating to
digital communications of medical information, all rights reserved.

HL7® and CDA® are the registered trademarks of Health Level Seven
International, all rights reserved.

SNOMED®, SNOMED Clinical Terms®, SNOMED CT® are the registered
trademarks of the International Health Terminology Standards Development
*Organisation* (IHTSDO), all rights reserved.

LOINC® is the registered trademark of Regenstrief Institute, Inc, all
rights reserved.

