.. _chapter_RR:

Ophthalmic Refractive Reports Use Cases (Informative)
=====================================================

.. _sect_RR.1:

Introduction
------------

Refractive instruments are the most commonly used instruments in eye
care. At present many of them have the capability for digital output,
but their data is most often addressed by manual input into a paper or
electronic record.

Refractive instruments address the power of a lens or of a patient's eye
to bend light. In order for a patient to see well light must be focused
on the retina in the back of the eye. If the natural optics of a
patient's eye do not accomplish this, corrective lenses can bend
incident light so that it will be focused on the retina after passing
through the optics of the eye. The power of an optical system such as a
spectacle lens or the eye is measured by its ability to bend light, and
is measured in diopters (D). In practical clinical applications, this is
measured to 3 decimal points, in increments of 0.125 D. The power of a
lens is measured in at least two major meridians. A spherical lens power
occurs when the power is the same in all meridians (0-180 degrees). A
cylindrical lens power occurs when there is a difference in lens power
across the various meridians. The shape of the anterior surface of the
eye largely determines what type of correcting lens is needed. An eye
that requires only spherical lens power is usually shaped spherically,
more like a ball, while an eye that requires cylindrical lens power is
ellipsoid and shaped more like a football.

Lenses can also bend light without changing its focal distance. This
type of refraction simply displaces the position of the image laterally.
The power of a prism to bend light is measured in prism diopters. In
practical clinical applications this is measured to 1 decimal point, in
increments of 0.5 prism diopters. Prism power is required in a pair of
spectacles most commonly when both eyes are not properly aligned with
the object of regard. Clinical prisms are considered to bend all light
coming in from the lens either up, down, in toward the nose, or out away
from the nose, in order to compensate for ocular misalignment.

Visual acuity is measured in various *scales*, all of which indicate a
patient's vision as a fraction of what a reference standard patient
would see at any given distance. For example, if a patient has 20/30
vision it means that he sees from a distance of 20 feet what a reference
standard patient would see from a distance of 30 feet. These
measurements are determined by presentation of standardized objects or
symbols (optotypes) of varying sizes calibrated to reference standard
vision (20/20). The smallest discernible optotype defines the patient's
visual acuity expressed in a variety of formats (letters, numbers,
pictures, tumbling E, Landolt C, etc).

Visual acuity is measured in two categories of *viewing distances*:
distance, and near. Distance visual acuity is measured at 20' or six
meters. This distance is roughly equivalent to optical infinity for
clinical purposes. The near viewing distance can vary from 30cm to 75 cm
depending on a variety of other conditions, but most commonly is
measured at 40 cm.

Visual acuity is measured under several common *viewing conditions*: 1)
Uncorrected vision is measured using the autoprojector to project the
above mentioned optotypes for viewing, with no lenses in front of the
patient's eyes. The line of smallest optotypes of which the patient can
see more than half is determined, and that information is uploaded to a
computer system. 2) The patient's vision using habitual correction is
measured in a similar fashion using whichever vision correction the
patient customarily wears. 3) Pinhole vision is measured in a similar
fashion, with the patient viewing the optotypes through a pinhole
occluder held in front of the eye. Pinhole visual acuity testing reduces
retinal blur, providing an approximation of what the patient's vision
should be with the best possible refractive correction (spectacles) in
place. 4) Best corrected visual acuity is the visual acuity with the
best refractive correction in place. 5) Crowding visual acuity measures
the presence and amount of disparity in acuity between single optotype
and multiple optotype presentations.

A patient's spectacle prescription may or may not represent the same
lenses that provided best corrected visual acuity in his refraction.
Subjective comfort plays a role in determining the final spectacle
prescription.

1. Autolensometer: an autolensometer is used to measure the refractive
   power of a patient's spectacles. This is done by the automatic
   analysis of the effect of the measured lens upon a beam of light
   passing through it. Output from an autolensometer can be uploaded to
   a phoropter to provide a baseline for subjective refraction
   (discussed below), and it can be uploaded to a computerized medical
   record. Lenses may also be measured to confirm manufacturing
   accuracy.

2. Autorefractor: an autorefractor is used to automatically determine,
   without patient input, what refractive correction should provide best
   corrected visual acuity. Output from an autorefractor can be uploaded
   to a phoropter to provide a baseline for subjective refraction
   (discussed below), and it can be uploaded to a computerized medical
   record.

3. Phoropter (or phoroptor):an instrument containing multiple lenses,
   that is used in the course of an eye exam to determine the
   individual's subjective response to various lenses (subjective
   refraction) and the need for glasses or contact lenses.. The patient
   looks through the phoropter lenses at an eye chart that may be at 20
   ft or 6m or at a reading chart that may be at 40 cm. Information from
   the subjective refraction can be uploaded from an autophoropter to a
   computer. The best corrected vision that was obtained is displayed in
   an autoprojector, and that information can also be uploaded to a
   computer.

4. Autokeratometer: an autokeratometer is used to measure the curvature,
   and thus the refractive power, of a patient's cornea. Two
   measurements are generally taken, one at the steepest and one at the
   flattest meridian of the cornea. The meridian measured is expressed
   in degrees, whole integers, in increments of 1 degree. If the
   measurement is expressed as power, the unit of measurement is
   diopters, to 3 decimal points, in increments of 0.125D. If the
   measurement is expressed as radius of curvature, the unit of
   measurement is millimeters, to 2 decimal points, in increments of
   0.01 mm.

.. _sect_RR.2:

Reference Tables For Equivalent Visual Acuity Notations
-------------------------------------------------------

.. _sect_RR.2.1:

Background
~~~~~~~~~~

Visual acuity is defined as the reciprocal of the ratio between the
letter size that can just be recognized by a patient, relative to the
size just recognized by a *standard eye*. If the patient requires
letters that are twice as large (or twice as close), the visual acuity
is said to be 1/2; if the letters need to be 5x larger, visual acuity is
1/5, and so on.

Note that the scales in the tables extend well above the reference
standard (1.0, 20/20, the ability to recognize a letter subtending a
visual angle 5 min. of arc), since normal acuity is often 1.25 (20/16),
1.6 (20/12.5) or even 2.0 (20/10).

Today, the ETDRS chart and ETDRS protocol, established by the National
Eye Institute in the US, are considered to represent the *de facto* gold
standard for visual acuity measurements The International Council Of
Ophthalmology, Visual Standard, Aspects and Ranges of Vision Loss
(April, 2002) is a good reference document.

The full ETDRS protocol requires a wide chart, in the shape of an
inverted triangle, on a light box, and cannot be implemented on the
limited screen of a projector (or similar) chart.

For most routine clinical measurements projector charts or traditional
charts with a rectangular shape are used; these non-standardized tools
are less accurate than ETDRS measurements.

This appendix contains two lookup tables, one for traditional charts and
one for ETDRS measurements.

.. _sect_RR.2.2:

Notations
~~~~~~~~~

Various notations may be used to express visual acuity. Snellen (in
1862) used a fractional notation in which the numerator indicated the
actual viewing distance; this notation has long been abandoned for the
use of equivalent notations, where the numerator is standardized to a
fixed value, regardless of the true viewing distance. In Europe the use
of decimal fractions is common (1/2 = 0.5, 1/5 = 0.2); in the US the
numerator is standardized at 20 (1/2 = 20/40, 1/5 = 20/100), while in
Britain the numerator 6 is common (1/2 = 6/12, 1/5 = 6/30).

The linear scales on the right side of the tables are not meant for
clinical records. They are required for statistical manipulations, such
as calculation of differences, trends and averages and preferred for
graphical presentations. They convert the logarithmic progression of
visual acuity values to a linear one, based on Weber-Fechner's law,
which states that proportional stimulus increases lead to linear
increases in perception.

The logMAR scale is calculated as log (MAR) = log (1/V) = - log (V).
LogMAR notation is widely used in scientific publications. Note that it
is a scale of vision loss, since higher values indicate poorer vision.
The value "0" indicates "no loss", that is visual acuity equal to the
reference standard (1.0, 20/20). Normal visual acuity (which is better
than 1.0 (20/20) ) is represented by negative logMAR values.

The VAS scale (VAS = Visual Acuity Score) serves the same purpose. Its
formula is: 100 - 50 x logMAR or 100 + 50 x log (V). It is more user
friendly, since it avoids decimal values and is more intuitive, since
higher values indicate better vision. The score is easily calculated on
ETDRS charts, where 1 point is credited for each letter read correctly.
The VAS scale also forms the basis for the calculation of visual
impairment ratings in the AMA *Guides to the Evaluation of Permanent
Impairment.*

.. _sect_RR.2.3:

Use of The Lookup Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Data input: Determine the notation used in the device and the values of
the lines presented. No device will display all the values listed in
each of the traditional columns. Convert these values to the decimal
DICOM storage values shown on the left of the same row. DICOM values are
not meant for data display. In the table, they are listed in scientific
notation to avoid confusion with display notations.

In the unlikely event that a value must be stored that does not appear
in the lookup table, calculate the decimal equivalent and round to the
nearest listed storage value.

Data display: If the display notation is the same as the input notation,
convert the DICOM storage values back to the original values. If the
notation chosen for the display is different from the input notation,
choose the value on the same row from a different column. In certain
cases this may result in an unfamiliar notation; unfortunately, this is
unavoidable, given the differences in size progressions between
different charts. If a suffix (see Attribute "Visual Acuity Modifiers"
(0046,0135) ) is present, that suffix will be displayed as it was
recorded.

Suffixes: Suffixes may be used to indicate steps that are smaller than a
1 line difference. On traditional charts, such suffixes have no defined
numerical value. Suffixes +1, +2, +3 and -1, -2, -3 may be encountered.
These suffixes do not correspond to a defined number of rows in the
table.

.. _sect_RR.2.4:

Traditional Charts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Traditional charts used in clinical practice are not standardized;
they have an irregular progression of letter sizes and a variable number
of characters per line. Measurement accuracy may further suffer from
hidden errors that cannot be captured by any recording device, such as
an inconsistent, non-standardized protocol, inaccurate viewing distance,
inaccurate projector adjustment and contrast loss from room
illumination. Therefore, the difference between two routine clinical
measurements should not be considered significant, unless it exceeds 5
rows in the table (1 line on an ETDRS chart).

`table_title <#table_RR-1>`__ contains many blank lines to make the
vertical scale consistent with that used in
`table_title <#table_RR-2>`__. Notations within the same gray band are
interchangeable for routine clinical use, since their differences are
small compared to the clinical variability, which is typically in the
order of 5 rows (1 ETDRS line).

.. table:: Reference Table for Use with Traditional Charts

   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | DICOM  | Not    | Scales |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | ations | for    |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | for    | stat   |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | Cl     | istics |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | inical | and    |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | Use    | gra    |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | with   | phical |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | Tradi  | di     |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | tional | splays |        |       |   |       |     |
   |        | Charts |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +========+========+========+========+=======+===+=======+=====+
   | 2.00   |        | 2.0    | 20/10  | 6/3   |   | -0.30 | 115 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.91   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.28 | 114 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.26 | 113 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.24 | 112 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.22 | 111 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |        | 1.6    | 2      | 6/3.8 |   | -0.20 | 110 |
   | E+00   |        |        | 0/12.5 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |        | 1.5    | 20/13  | 6/4   |   | -0.18 | 109 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.16 | 108 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.14 | 107 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |        | 1.3    | 20/15  | 6/4.5 |   | -0.12 | 106 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |        | 1.25   | 20/16  | 6/4.8 |   | -0.10 | 105 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |        | 1.2    | 20/17  | 6/5   |   | -0.08 | 104 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.06 | 103 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |        | 1.1    | 20/18  | 6/5.5 |   | -0.04 | 102 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |        |        |        |       |   | -0.02 | 101 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |        | 1.0    | 20/20  | 6/6   |   | 0     | 100 |
   | E+00   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.55   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.02  | 99  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.00   |        | 0.9    | 20/22  | 6/66  |   | 0.04  | 98  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.70   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.06  | 97  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.30   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.08  | 96  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.00   |        | 0.8    | 20/25  | 6/7.5 |   | 0.10  | 95  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.50   |        | 0.75   | 20/26  | 6/8   |   | 0.12  | 94  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.14  | 93  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.00   |        | 0.7    | 20/28  | 6/8.7 |   | 0.16  | 92  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.60   |        | 0.66   | 20/30  | 6/9   |   | 0.18  | 91  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.30   |        | 0.63   | 20/32  | 6/9.5 |   | 0.20  | 90  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.00   |        | 0.6    | 20/33  | 6/10  |   | 0.22  | 89  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.75   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.24  | 88  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.50   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.26  | 87  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.25   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.28  | 86  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.00   |        | 0.5    | 20/40  | 6/12  |   | 0.30  | 85  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.80   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.32  | 84  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.57   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.34  | 83  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.37   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.36  | 82  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.17   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.38  | 81  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.00   |        | 0.4    | 20/50  | 6/15  |   | 0.40  | 80  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.80   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.42  | 79  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.60   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.44  | 78  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.50   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.46  | 77  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.33   |        | 0.33   | 20/60  | 6/18  |   | 0.48  | 76  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.20   |        | 0.32   | 20/63  | 6/19  |   | 0.50  | 75  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.00   |        | 0.3    | 20/66  | 6/20  |   | 0.52  | 74  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.90   |        | 0.28   | 20/70  | 6/21  |   | 0.54  | 73  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.75   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.56  | 72  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.63   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.58  | 71  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.50   |        | 0.25   | 20/80  | 6/24  |   | 0.60  | 70  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.40   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.62  | 69  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.30   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.64  | 68  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.66  | 67  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.10   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.68  | 66  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.00   |        | 0.2    | 20/100 | 6/30  |   | 0.70  | 65  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.90   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.72  | 64  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.74  | 63  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.76  | 62  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |        | 0.17   | 20/120 | 6/36  |   | 0.78  | 61  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |        | 0.16   | 20/125 | 6/38  |   | 0.80  | 60  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |        | 0.15   | 20/130 | 6/40  |   | 0.82  | 59  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.84  | 58  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.86  | 57  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |        | 0.13   | 20/150 | 6/45  |   | 0.88  | 56  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |        | 0.125  | 20/160 | 6/48  |   | 0.90  | 55  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |        | 0.12   | 20/170 | 6/50  |   | 0.92  | 54  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.94  | 53  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.96  | 52  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |        |        |        |       |   | 0.98  | 51  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |        | 0.1    | 20/200 | 6/60  |   | 1.00  | 50  |
   | E-01   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.55   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.02  | 49  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.00   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.04  | 48  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.70   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.06  | 47  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.30   |        | 0.083  | 20/240 | 6/72  |   | 1.08  | 46  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.00   |        | 0.08   | 20/250 | 6/75  |   | 1.10  | 45  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.50   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.12  | 44  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.14  | 43  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.00   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.16  | 42  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.60   |        | 0.065  | 20/300 | 6/90  |   | 1.18  | 41  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.30   |        | 0.063  | 20/320 | 6/95  |   | 1.20  | 40  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.00   |        | 0.06   | 20/330 | 6/100 |   | 1.22  | 39  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.75   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.24  | 38  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.50   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.26  | 37  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.25   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.28  | 36  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.00   |        | 0.05   | 20/400 | 6/120 |   | 1.30  | 35  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.80   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.32  | 34  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.60   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.34  | 33  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.40   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.36  | 32  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.38  | 31  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.00   |        | 0.04   | 20/500 | 6/150 |   | 1.40  | 30  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.80   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.42  | 29  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.60   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.44  | 28  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.50   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.46  | 27  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.33   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.48  | 26  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.20   |        | 0.032  | 20/630 | 6/190 |   | 1.50  | 25  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.02   |        | 0.03   | 20/650 | 6/200 |   | 1.52  | 24  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.90   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.54  | 23  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.75   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.56  | 22  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.63   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.58  | 21  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.50   |        | 0.025  | 20/800 | 6/240 |   | 1.60  | 20  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.40   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.62  | 19  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.30   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.64  | 18  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.66  | 17  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.10   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.68  | 16  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.00   |        | 0.02   | 2      | 6/300 |   | 1.70  | 15  |
   | E-02   |        |        | 0/1000 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.90   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.72  | 14  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.74  | 13  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.76  | 12  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.78  | 11  |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |        | 0.016  | 2      | 6/380 |   | 1.80  | 10  |
   | E-02   |        |        | 0/1250 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |        | 0.015  | 2      | 6/400 |   | 1.82  | 9   |
   | E-02   |        |        | 0/1300 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.84  | 8   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.86  | 7   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.88  | 6   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |        | 0.0125 | 2      | 6/480 |   | 1.90  | 5   |
   | E-02   |        |        | 0/1600 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.92  | 4   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.94  | 3   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.96  | 2   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |        |        |        |       |   | 1.98  | 1   |
   | E-02   |        |        |        |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |        | 0.01   | 2      | 6/600 |   | 2.00  | 0   |
   | E-02   |        |        | 0/2000 |       |   |       |     |
   +--------+--------+--------+--------+-------+---+-------+-----+

.. _sect_RR.2.5:

ETDRS Charts
~~~~~~~~~~~~

ETDRS charts feature Sloan letters with proportional spacing, 5 letters
on each line, and a logarithmic progression of letter sizes with
consistent increments of approximately 25% per line (10 lines equal a
factor 10x). The ETDRS protocol specifies letter-by-letter scoring,
viewing distance, illumination, use of different charts for right and
left eye and other presentation parameters.

The full ETDRS protocol requires a wide chart on a light box, and cannot
be implemented on the limited screen of a projector (or similar) chart.
The logarithmic progression, however, can be implemented on any device.
This progression was first proposed by John Green in 1868 and follows
the standard "Preferred Numbers, ISO standard 3 (1973) " series and the
rounding preferences.

Use of ETDRS charts allows use of letter-by-letter scoring, which is
more accurate than the line-by-line scoring used on traditional charts.
Each row in the table is equivalent to 1 letter on an ETDRS chart (50
letters for a factor 10x). These steps are smaller than the just
discernible difference; steps this small only become significant in
statistical studies where a large number of measurements is averaged.

The smaller steps for letter by letter scoring may be expressed in two
ways; either by using suffixes to a familiar (sometimes slightly
rounded) set of values or by using calculated values. For clinical use
suffixes have the advantage of using only familiar acuity notations and
reverting to the nearest clinical notation when the suffix is omitted.
Calculated values look less familiar; but are sometimes used in
statistical studies. Note that suffixes used in the context of an ETDRS
chart have a defined value and affect the DICOM storage value, whereas
suffixes used in the context of traditional charts do not.

.. table:: Reference Table for Use with ETDRS Charts or Equivalent

   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | DICOM  |   | Not    |        | Scales |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | ations |        | for    |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | for    |        | stat   |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | Re     |        | istics |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | search |        | and    |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | Use    |        | gra    |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | with   |        | phical |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | ETDRS  |        | di     |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | Charts |        | splays |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | or     |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | Equi   |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   |        |   | valent |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +========+===+========+========+========+===+========+========+========+===+=======+=====+
   | 2.00   |   | 2.0    | 20/10  | 6/3    |   | 2.00   | 20/10  | 6/3.0  |   | -0.30 | 115 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.91   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 1.91   | 2      | 6/3.2  |   | -0.28 | 114 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/10.5 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 1.82   | 20/11  | 6/3.3  |   | -0.26 | 113 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 1.74   | 2      | 6/3.5  |   | -0.24 | 112 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/11.5 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 1.66   | 20/12  | 6/3.6  |   | -0.22 | 111 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |   | 1.6    | 2      | 6/3.8  |   | 1.58   | 2      | 6/3.8  |   | -0.20 | 110 |
   | E+00   |   |        | 0/12.5 |        |   |        | 0/12.5 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 1.51   | 20/13  | 6/4.0  |   | -0.18 | 109 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 1.45   | 20/14  | 6/4.2  |   | -0.16 | 108 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 1.38   | 2      | 6/4.4  |   | -0.14 | 107 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/14.5 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 1.32   | 20/15  | 6/4.6  |   | -0.12 | 106 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |   | 1.25   | 20/16  | 6/4.8  |   | 1.26   | 20/16  | 6/4.8  |   | -0.10 | 105 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 1.20   | 20/17  | 6/5.0  |   | -0.08 | 104 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 1.15   | 2      | 6/5.2  |   | -0.06 | 103 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/17.5 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 1.10   | 20/18  | 6/5.5  |   | -0.04 | 102 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 1.05   | 20/19  | 6/5.8  |   | -0.02 | 101 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |   | 1.0    | 20/20  | 6/6    |   | 1.00   | 20/20  | 6/6.0  |   | 0     | 100 |
   | E+00   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.55   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.95   | 20/21  | 6/6.3  |   | 0.02  | 99  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.00   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.91   | 20/22  | 6/6.6  |   | 0.04  | 98  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.70   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.87   | 20/23  | 6/6.9  |   | 0.06  | 97  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.30   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.83   | 20/24  | 6/7.2  |   | 0.08  | 96  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.00   |   | 0.8    | 20/25  | 6/7.5  |   | 0.79   | 20/25  | 6/7.5  |   | 0.10  | 95  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.50   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.76   | 20/26  | 6/7.9  |   | 0.12  | 94  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.20   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.72   | 20/28  | 6/8.3  |   | 0.14  | 93  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.00   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.69   | 20/29  | 6/8.7  |   | 0.16  | 92  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.60   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.66   | 20/30  | 6/9.1  |   | 0.18  | 91  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.30   |   | 0.63   | 20/32  | 6/9.5  |   | 0.63   | 20/32  | 6/9.5  |   | 0.20  | 90  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.00   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.60   | 20/33  | 6/10.0 |   | 0.22  | 89  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.75   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.58   | 20/35  | 6/10.5 |   | 0.24  | 88  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.50   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.55   | 20/36  | 6/11.0 |   | 0.26  | 87  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.25   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.52   | 20/38  | 6/11.5 |   | 0.28  | 86  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.00   |   | 0.5    | 20/40  | 6/12   |   | 0.50   | 20/40  | 6/12.0 |   | 0.30  | 85  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.80   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.48   | 20/42  | 6/12.5 |   | 0.32  | 84  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.57   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.46   | 20/44  | 6/13.2 |   | 0.34  | 83  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.37   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.24   | 20/46  | 6/13.8 |   | 0.36  | 82  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.17   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.42   | 20/48  | 6/14.5 |   | 0.38  | 81  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.00   |   | 0.4    | 20/50  | 6/15   |   | 0.40   | 20/50  | 6/15.1 |   | 0.40  | 80  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.80   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.38   | 20/52  | 6/15.8 |   | 0.42  | 79  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.60   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.36   | 20/55  | 6/16.6 |   | 0.44  | 78  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.50   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.35   | 20/58  | 6/17.4 |   | 0.46  | 77  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.33   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.33   | 20/60  | 6/18.2 |   | 0.48  | 76  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.20   |   | 0.32   | 20/63  | 6/19   |   | 0.32   | 20/63  | 6/19.1 |   | 0.50  | 75  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.00   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.30   | 20/66  | 6/20.  |   | 0.52  | 74  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.90   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.29   | 20/69  | 6/21   |   | 0.54  | 73  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.75   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.28   | 20/72  | 6/22   |   | 0.56  | 72  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.63   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.26   | 20/76  | 6/23   |   | 0.58  | 71  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.50   |   | 0.25   | 20/80  | 6/24   |   | 0.25   | 20/79  | 6/24   |   | 0.60  | 70  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.40   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.24   | 20/83  | 6/25   |   | 0.62  | 69  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.30   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.23   | 20/87  | 6/26   |   | 0.64  | 68  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.20   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.22   | 20/91  | 6/28   |   | 0.66  | 67  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.10   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.21   | 20/95  | 6/29   |   | 0.68  | 66  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.00   |   | 0.2    | 20/100 | 6/30   |   | 0.20   | 20/100 | 6/30   |   | 0.70  | 65  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.90   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.191  | 20/105 | 6/32   |   | 0.72  | 64  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.182  | 20/110 | 6/33   |   | 0.74  | 63  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.174  | 20/115 | 6/35   |   | 0.76  | 62  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.166  | 20/120 | 6/36   |   | 0.78  | 61  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |   | 0.16   | 20/125 | 6/38   |   | 0.158  | 20/126 | 6/38   |   | 0.80  | 60  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.151  | 20/132 | 6/40   |   | 0.82  | 59  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.145  | 20/138 | 6/42   |   | 0.84  | 58  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.138  | 20/145 | 6/44   |   | 0.86  | 57  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.132  | 20/151 | 6/46   |   | 0.88  | 56  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |   | 0.125  | 20/160 | 6/48   |   | 0.126  | 20/158 | 6/48   |   | 0.90  | 55  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.120  | 20/166 | 6/50   |   | 0.92  | 54  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.115  | 20/174 | 6/52   |   | 0.94  | 53  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.110  | 20/182 | 6/55   |   | 0.96  | 52  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.105  | 20/191 | 6/58   |   | 0.98  | 51  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |   | 0.1    | 20/200 | 6/60   |   | 0.100  | 20/200 | 6/60   |   | 1.00  | 50  |
   | E-01   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.55   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.095  | 20/210 | 6/63   |   | 1.02  | 49  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 9.00   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.091  | 20/220 | 6/66   |   | 1.04  | 48  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.70   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.087  | 20/230 | 6/69   |   | 1.06  | 47  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.30   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.083  | 20/240 | 6/72   |   | 1.08  | 46  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 8.00   |   | 0.08   | 20/250 | 6/75   |   | 0.079  | 20/250 | 6/76   |   | 1.10  | 45  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.50   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.076  | 20/260 | 6/79   |   | 1.12  | 44  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.20   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.072  | 20/280 | 6/83   |   | 1.14  | 43  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 7.00   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.069  | 20/290 | 6/87   |   | 1.16  | 42  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.60   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.066  | 20/300 | 6/91   |   | 1.18  | 41  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.30   |   | 0.063  | 20/320 | 6/95   |   | 0.063  | 20/315 | 6/95   |   | 1.20  | 40  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 6.00   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.060  | 20/330 | 6/100  |   | 1.22  | 39  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.75   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.058  | 20/350 | 6/105  |   | 1.24  | 38  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.50   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.055  | 20/360 | 6/110  |   | 1.26  | 37  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.25   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.052  | 20/380 | 6/115  |   | 1.28  | 36  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 5.00   |   | 0.05   | 20/400 | 6/120  |   | 0.050  | 20/400 | 6/120  |   | 1.30  | 35  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.80   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.048  | 20/420 | 6/126  |   | 1.32  | 34  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.60   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.046  | 20/440 | 6/132  |   | 1.34  | 33  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.40   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.044  | 20/460 | 6/138  |   | 1.36  | 32  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.20   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.042  | 20/480 | 6/145  |   | 1.38  | 31  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 4.00   |   | 0.04   | 20/500 | 6/150  |   | 0.040  | 20/500 | 6/151  |   | 1.40  | 30  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.80   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.038  | 20/520 | 6/158  |   | 1.42  | 29  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.60   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.036  | 20/550 | 6/166  |   | 1.44  | 28  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.50   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.035  | 20/575 | 6/174  |   | 1.46  | 27  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.33   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.033  | 20/600 | 6/182  |   | 1.48  | 26  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.20   |   | 0.032  | 20/630 | 6/190  |   | 0.032  | 20/630 | 6/191  |   | 1.50  | 25  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 3.02   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.030  | 20/660 | 6/200  |   | 1.52  | 24  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.90   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.029  | 20/690 | 6/210  |   | 1.54  | 23  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.75   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.028  | 20/720 | 6/220  |   | 1.56  | 22  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.63   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.026  | 20/760 | 6/230  |   | 1.58  | 21  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.50   |   | 0.025  | 20/800 | 6/240  |   | 0.025  | 20/800 | 6/240  |   | 1.60  | 20  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.40   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.024  | 20/830 | 6/250  |   | 1.62  | 19  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.30   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.023  | 20/870 | 6/260  |   | 1.64  | 18  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.20   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.022  | 20/910 | 6/280  |   | 1.66  | 17  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.10   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.021  | 20/950 | 6/290  |   | 1.68  | 16  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        |        |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 2.00   |   | 0.020  | 2      | 6/300  |   | 0.0200 | 2      | 6/300  |   | 1.70  | 15  |
   | E-02   |   |        | 0/1000 |        |   |        | 0/1000 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.90   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.0191 | 2      | 6/315  |   | 1.72  | 14  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1050 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.82   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.0182 | 2      | 6/330  |   | 1.74  | 13  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1100 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.74   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.0174 | 2      | 6/350  |   | 1.76  | 12  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1150 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.66   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.0166 | 2      | 6/363  |   | 1.78  | 11  |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1200 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.60   |   | 0.016  | 2      | 6/380  |   | 0.0158 | 2      | 6/380  |   | 1.80  | 10  |
   | E-02   |   |        | 0/1250 |        |   |        | 0/1250 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.50   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.0151 | 2      | 6/400  |   | 1.82  | 9   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1300 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.45   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.0145 | 2      | 6/420  |   | 1.84  | 8   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1380 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.38   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.0138 | 2      | 6/440  |   | 1.86  | 7   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1450 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.30   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.0132 | 2      | 6/460  |   | 1.88  | 6   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1500 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.25   |   | 0.0125 | 2      | 6/480  |   | 0.0126 | 2      | 6/480  |   | 1.90  | 5   |
   | E-02   |   |        | 0/1600 |        |   |        | 0/1600 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.20   |   | -      | -      | -      |   | 0.0120 | 2      | 6/500  |   | 1.92  | 4   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1660 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.15   |   | - -    | - -    | - -    |   | 0.0115 | 2      | 6/520  |   | 1.94  | 3   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1740 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.10   |   | + +    | + +    | + +    |   | 0.0110 | 2      | 6/550  |   | 1.96  | 2   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1820 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.05   |   | +      | +      | +      |   | 0.0105 | 2      | 6/575  |   | 1.98  | 1   |
   | E-02   |   |        |        |        |   |        | 0/1910 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+
   | 1.00   |   | 0.010  | 2      | 6/600  |   | 0.0100 | 2      | 6/600  |   | 2.00  | 0   |
   | E-02   |   |        | 0/2000 |        |   |        | 0/2000 |        |   |       |     |
   +--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+--------+--------+--------+---+-------+-----+

