.. _chapter_NNNN:

Mapping of Visible Light Photography Related Attributes to EXIF and TIFF/EP Tags (Informative)
==============================================================================================

.. _sect_NNNN.1:

Mapping
-------

`table_title <#table_NNNN-1>`__ describes a mapping of EXIF Tags as
defined in `biblioentry_title <#biblio_EXIF2.31>`__ and TIFF/EP Tags as
defined in `biblioentry_title <#biblio_ISO12234-2>`__ to Visible Light
Photography related Attributes. The list of EXIF and associated TIFF
tags was derived from the table at http://www.exiv2.org/tags.html,
updated to remove redundancies and resolve differences between EXIF 2.3
and 2.31. The intent is that this mapping support the extraction of
embedded EXIF information into DICOM Attributes for accessibility in
DICOM-based systems. It is not intended to define a deterministic
mapping supporting round-trip full-fidelity conversion from EXIF to
DICOM and back to EXIF again. Not all EXIF Tags are mapped.

When mapping EXIF values to DICOM, some tags map to multiple DICOM
Attributes and vice versa, as noted. In general, Ascii types are mapped
to UT VR (except that dates and times and timezone offsets are mapped to
the appropriate DA, TM, DT or SH VR), Short and Long are mapped to IS VR
unless they are used for a list of defined terms, in which case US VR is
used, Rational and SRational are mapped to DS (VR) (i.e., each numerator
and denominator pair is mapped to a single decimal representation), and
Undefined is mapped to OB or UT VR as appropriate. In some special
cases, the structure within a single EXIF value is expected to be
decoded, e.g., the tabular representation of the OECF and Spatial
Frequency Response. An appropriate choice of DICOM Specific Character
Set and any corresponding character set mapping encoding conversion is
expected; special handling of the decoding of character sets may be
necessary for some EXIF tags, such as 37510 UserComment.

Some unmapped EXIF tags may theoretically influence the way in which an
image might be displayed differently than it is encoded. E.g.,
Orientation (274) may contain enumerated values describing the "image
orientation viewed" in terms of "visual rows and columns" related to
encoded rows and columns, is not mapped. This may be a factor if the
camera is physically rotated or if the user has edited the preferred
orientation. In theory, such information could be mapped to a
Presentation State, which is not defined by this Annex. There is no
expectation that the mapping will involve re-encoding the pixel data in
a different orientation, though this is not explicitly forbidden.

In `table_title <#table_NNNN-1>`__, the word "tag" in the columns
labelled "EXIF or TIFF Tag" and "EXIF or TIFF Tag description" refer to
the tag in the EXIF or TIFF standards and not the DICOM Tag.

.. table:: Mapping of Visible Light Photography Related Attributes to
EXIF Tags

   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | DICOM | Attr  | DICOM | EXIF  | EXIF  | EXIF  | EXIF  | EXIF  | EXIF  |
   | Tag   | ibute | M     | or    | or    | or    | or    | or    | or    |
   |       | Name  | odule | TIFF  | TIFF  | TIFF  | TIFF  | TIFF  | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       | Tag   | Tag   | IFD   | Key   | Type  | Tag   |
   |       |       |       | (hex) | (dec) |       |       |       | D     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | escri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ption |
   +=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
   | (     | Tim   |       | 0     | 36880 | Photo | O     | Ascii | A tag |
   | 0008, | ezone |       | x9010 |       | 231   | ffset |       | used  |
   | 0201) | O     |       |       |       |       | ​Time |       | to    |
   |       | ffset |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       | From  |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       | UTC   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UTC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (the  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diffe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Univ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ersal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | day   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Time |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±HH  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | :MM". |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | part  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "+"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "-".  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | paces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olons |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (":") |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | else  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 7  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | te    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmina |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Tim   |       | 0     | 36881 | Photo | Offse | Ascii | A tag |
   | 0008, | ezone |       | x9011 |       | 231   | t​Tim |       | used  |
   | 0201) | O     |       |       |       |       | e​Ori |       | to    |
   |       | ffset |       |       |       |       | ginal |       | r     |
   |       | From  |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       | UTC   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UTC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (the  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diffe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Univ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ersal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | day   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Dat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Tim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Ori |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±HH  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | :MM". |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | part  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "+"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "-".  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | paces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olons |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (":") |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | else  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 7  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | te    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmina |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Tim   |       | 0     | 36882 | Photo | O     | Ascii | A tag |
   | 0008, | ezone |       | x9012 |       | 231   | ffset |       | used  |
   | 0201) | O     |       |       |       |       | ​Time |       | to    |
   |       | ffset |       |       |       |       | ​Digi |       | r     |
   |       | From  |       |       |       |       | tized |       | ecord |
   |       | UTC   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UTC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (the  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diffe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Univ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ersal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | day   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Dat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Tim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eDigi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tized |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±HH  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | :MM". |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | part  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "±"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "+"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "-".  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | paces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olons |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (":") |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | else  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | illed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blank |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | harac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 7  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | te    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmina |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | T     |       | 0     | 37888 | Photo | T     | SRat  | T     |
   | 0016, | emper |       | x9400 |       | 231   | emper | ional | emper |
   | 0030) | ature |       |       |       |       | ature |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | room  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | emper |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | where |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ho    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | °C.   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Hum   |       | 0     | 37889 | Photo | Hum   | Rat   | Hum   |
   | 0016, | idity |       | x9401 |       | 231   | idity | ional | idity |
   | 0031) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | room  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hum   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | where |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ho    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is %. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Pre   |       | 0     | 37890 | Photo | Pre   | Rat   | Pre   |
   | 0016, | ssure |       | x9402 |       | 231   | ssure | ional | ssure |
   | 0032) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | room  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atmos |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pfere |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | where |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ho    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | water |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sea.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hPa.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Water |       | 0     | 37891 | Photo | W     | SRat  | Water |
   | 0016, | Depth |       | x9403 |       | 231   | ater​ | ional | depth |
   | 0033) |       |       |       |       |       | Depth |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | water |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | depth |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | water |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aphy. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is m. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nega  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tive, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | abs   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olute |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of it |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eleva |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | above |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | water |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ac    |       | 0     | 37892 | Photo | Ac    | Rat   | Ac    |
   | 0016, | celer |       | x9404 |       | 231   | celer | ional | celer |
   | 0034) | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (a    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | calar |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regar |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ac    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | celer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hicle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rode  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on at |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mGal  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (10-5 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | /s2). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | C     |       | 0     | 37893 | Photo | C     | SRat  | E     |
   | 0016, | amera |       | x9405 |       | 231   | amera | ional | levat |
   | 0035) | Elev  |       |       |       |       | ​Elev |       | ion/d |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | epres |
   |       | Angle |       |       |       |       | Angle |       | sion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | angle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra(im |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aging |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | axis) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | am    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | situ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | degre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e(°). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -180  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | less  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 180.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enomi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FFFFF |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF.H, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | known |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Obta  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uracy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tipul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ther  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thods |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | num   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eric, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Exp   |       | 0     | 33434 | Photo | Exp   | Rat   | Exp   |
   | 0016, | osure |       | x829a |       |       | osure | ional | osure |
   | 0004) | Time  |       |       |       |       | ​Time |       | time, |
   |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       | Se    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       | conds |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | F-N   |       | 0     | 33437 | Photo | FN    | Rat   | The F |
   | 0016, | umber |       | x829d |       |       | umber | ional | nu    |
   | 0005) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mber. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Exp   |       | 0     | 34850 | Photo | E     | Short | The   |
   | 0016, | osure |       | x8822 |       |       | xposu |       | class |
   | 0016) | Pr    |       |       |       |       | re​Pr |       | of    |
   |       | ogram |       |       |       |       | ogram |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ogram |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aken. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Spe   |       | 0     | 34852 | Photo | Spect | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | ctral |       | x8824 |       |       | ral​S |       | cates |
   | 0017) | S     |       |       |       |       | ensit |       | the   |
   |       | ensit |       |       |       |       | ivity |       | spe   |
   |       | ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctral |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ch    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | annel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tible |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deve  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loped |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASTM  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Tech  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Commi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttee. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ph    |       | 0     | 34855 | Photo | Pho   | Short | Indi  |
   | 0016, | otogr |       | x8827 |       |       | togra |       | cates |
   | 0018) | aphic |       |       |       |       | phicS |       | the   |
   |       | S     |       |       |       |       | ensit |       | ISO   |
   |       | ensit |       |       |       |       | ivity |       | Speed |
   |       | ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | merly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alled |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IS    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | OSpee |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d​Rat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ings. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | OECF  |       | 0     | 34856 | Photo | OECF  | Unde  | Indi  |
   | 016,0 | Rows, |       | x8828 |       |       |       | fined | cates |
   | 006), | OECF  |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   | (0    | Col   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Opto- |
   | 016,0 | umns, |       |       |       |       |       |       | Elect |
   | 007), | OECF  |       |       |       |       |       |       | ronic |
   | (0    | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       | Conve |
   | 016,0 | olumn |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   | 008), | N     |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fun   |
   | (     | ames, |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   | 0016, | OECF  |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   | 0009) | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       | OECF) |
   |       | alues |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 14524 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | OECF> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | latio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nship |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | S     |       | 0     | 34864 | Photo | S     | Short | The   |
   | 0016, | ensit |       | x8830 |       |       | ensit |       | S     |
   | 001A) | ivity |       |       |       |       | ivity |       | ensit |
   |       | Type  |       |       |       |       | ​Type |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Type |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | param |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ograp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hic​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hough |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ograp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hic​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | = 4,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5, 6, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or 7  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lural |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | param |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Sta   |       | 0     | 34865 | Photo | S     | Long  | This  |
   | 0016, | ndard |       | x8831 |       |       | tanda |       | tag   |
   | 001B) | O     |       |       |       |       | rd​Ou |       | indi  |
   |       | utput |       |       |       |       | tputS |       | cates |
   |       | S     |       |       |       |       | ensit |       | the   |
   |       | ensit |       |       |       |       | ivity |       | sta   |
   |       | ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utput |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ograp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hic​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Type |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | R     |       | 0     | 34866 | Photo | Recom | Long  | This  |
   | 0016, | ecomm |       | x8832 |       |       | mende |       | tag   |
   | 001C) | ended |       |       |       |       | d​Exp |       | indi  |
   |       | Exp   |       |       |       |       | osure |       | cates |
   |       | osure |       |       |       |       | Index |       | the   |
   |       | Index |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ograp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hic​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Type |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | ISO   |       | 0     | 34867 | Photo | ISO   | Long  | This  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | x8833 |       |       | Speed |       | tag   |
   | 001D) | peed​ |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ograp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hic​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Type |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | ISO   |       | 0     | 34868 | Photo | ISOSp | Long  | This  |
   | 0016, | Sp    |       | x8834 |       |       | eed​L |       | tag   |
   | 001E) | eed​​ |       |       |       |       | atitu |       | indi  |
   |       | Lat   |       |       |       |       | deyyy |       | cates |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       | yyy   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | yyy   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | How   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SOSpe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ed​La |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | titud |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ezzz. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | ISO   |       | 0     | 34869 | Photo | ISOSp | Long  | This  |
   | 0016, | Sp    |       | x8835 |       |       | eed​L |       | tag   |
   | 001F) | eed​​ |       |       |       |       | atitu |       | indi  |
   |       | Lat   |       |       |       |       | dezzz |       | cates |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       | zzz   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zzz   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12232 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | How   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SOSpe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ed​La |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | titud |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eyyy. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | EXIF  |       | 0     | 36864 | Photo | Ex    | Unde  | The   |
   | 0016, | Ve    |       | x9000 |       |       | if​Ve | fined | ve    |
   | 0020) | rsion |       |       |       |       | rsion |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | suppo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rted. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | No    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nexis |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | taken |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mean  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nonc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onfor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dard. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | En    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -byte |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SCII. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | A     |       | 0     | 36867 | Photo | Da    | Ascii | The   |
   | 0008, | cquis |       | x9003 |       |       | te​Ti |       | date  |
   | 002A) | ition |       |       |       |       | meOri |       | and   |
   |       | Date  |       |       |       |       | ginal |       | time  |
   |       | ​Time |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ori   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gener |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For a |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | still |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | taken |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | Co    |       | 0     | 36868 | Photo | Dat   | Ascii | The   |
   | 008,0 | ntent |       | x9004 |       |       | e​Tim |       | date  |
   | 023), | Date, |       |       |       |       | eDigi |       | and   |
   | (     | Co    |       |       |       |       | tized |       | time  |
   | 0008, | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   | 0033) | Time  |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37121 | Photo | Comp  | Unde  | I     |
   |       |       |       | x9101 |       |       | onent | fined | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | s​Con |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cha   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nnels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arr   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anged |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1st   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4th.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrang |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Ph   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tric​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Inter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | preta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | How   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Ph   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tric​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Inter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | preta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | press |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of Y, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cr,   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vided |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cases |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uses  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y,    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb,   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pport |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | seque |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nces. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37122 | Photo | Comp  | Rat   | I     |
   |       |       |       | x9102 |       |       | resse | ional | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | d​Bit |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | sPer​ |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pixel |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for a |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Sh    |       | 0     | 37377 | Photo | Shu   | SRat  | Sh    |
   | 0016, | utter |       | x9201 |       |       | tter​ | ional | utter |
   | 0021) | Speed |       |       |       |       | Speed |       | s     |
   |       | Value |       |       |       |       | Value |       | peed. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APEX  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Add  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itive |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ystem |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aphic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Expo  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sure) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ting. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ape   |       | 0     | 37378 | Photo | Aper  | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | rture |       | x9202 |       |       | ture​ | ional | lens  |
   | 0022) | Value |       |       |       |       | Value |       | aper  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ture. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APEX  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Brigh |       | 0     | 37379 | Photo | B     | SRat  | The   |
   | 0016, | tness |       | x9203 |       |       | right | ional | value |
   | 0023) | Value |       |       |       |       | ness​ |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Value |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ness. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APEX  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arily |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 99.99 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Exp   |       | 0     | 37380 | Photo | Exp   | SRat  | The   |
   | 0016, | osure |       | x9204 |       |       | osure | ional | exp   |
   | 0024) | Bias  |       |       |       |       | ​Bias |       | osure |
   |       | Value |       |       |       |       | Value |       | bias. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | units |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APEX  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arily |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 99.99 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Max   |       | 0     | 37381 | Photo | Ma    | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | Ape   |       | x9205 |       |       | x​Ape | ional | sma   |
   | 0025) | rture |       |       |       |       | rture |       | llest |
   |       | Value |       |       |       |       | Value |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APEX  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arily |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 00.00 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | li    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mited |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ange. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Su    |       | 0     | 37382 | Photo | S     | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | bject |       | x9206 |       |       | ubjec | ional | dis   |
   | 0026) | Dis   |       |       |       |       | t​Dis |       | tance |
   |       | tance |       |       |       |       | tance |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sub   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ject, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Met   |       | 0     | 37383 | Photo | Met   | Short | The   |
   | 0016, | ering |       | x9207 |       |       | ering |       | met   |
   | 0027) | Mode  |       |       |       |       | ​Mode |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Light |       | 0     | 37384 | Photo | Li    | Short | The   |
   | 0016, | S     |       | x9208 |       |       | ght​S |       | kind  |
   | 0028) | ource |       |       |       |       | ource |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urce. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | Flash |       | 0     | 37385 | Photo | Flash | Short | This  |
   | 016,0 | F     |       | x9209 |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   | 011), | iring |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   | (0    | St    |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   | 016,0 | atus, |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   | 012), | Flash |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   | (0    | R     |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   | 016,0 | eturn |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   | 013), | St    |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   | (0    | atus, |       |       |       |       |       |       | taken |
   | 016,0 | Flash |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   | 014), | Mode, |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   | (     | Flash |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   | 0016, | Fun   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trobe |
   | 0015) | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       | Pre   |       |       |       |       |       |       | (fl   |
   |       | sent, |       |       |       |       |       |       | ash). |
   |       | Flash |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Red   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Eye   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Mode  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Focal |       | 0     | 37386 | Photo | Fo    | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | L     |       | x920a |       |       | cal​L | ional | a     |
   | 0029) | ength |       |       |       |       | ength |       | ctual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm.   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | made  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 35 mm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | film  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Su    |       | 0     | 37396 | Photo | Su    | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | bject |       | x9214 |       |       | bject |       | tag   |
   | 002A) | Area  |       |       |       |       | ​Area |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bject |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ov    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cene. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Maker |       | 0     | 37500 | Photo | Maker | Unde  | A tag |
   | 0016, | Note  |       | x927c |       |       | ​Note | fined | for   |
   | 002B) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ufact |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | forma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ufact |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urer. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Image |       | 0     | 37510 | Photo | Us    | Co    | A tag |
   | 0020, | Com   |       | x9286 |       |       | er​Co | mment | for   |
   | 4000) | ments |       |       |       |       | mment |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | users |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | write |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | key   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | words |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ments |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | those |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Imag |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Des |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cript |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion>, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imita |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Ima  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ge​De |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scrip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | U     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | serCo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ident |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ID    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fixed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -byte |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | start |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     |       | 0     | 37520 | Photo | S     | Ascii | A tag |
   |       |       |       | x9290 |       |       | ub​Se |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | cTime |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Date​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Time> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | A     |       | 0     | 37521 | Photo | Sub​S | Ascii | A tag |
   | 0008, | cquis |       | x9291 |       |       | ecTim |       | used  |
   | 002A) | ition |       |       |       |       | e​Ori |       | to    |
   |       | Date  |       |       |       |       | ginal |       | r     |
   |       | ​Time |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Dat  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Tim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eOrig |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inal> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Co    |       | 0     | 37522 | Photo | S     | Ascii | A tag |
   | 0008, | ntent |       | x9292 |       |       | ub​Se |       | used  |
   | 0033) | Time  |       |       |       |       | cTime |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Digi |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tized |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Date |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Time |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Digit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ized> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40960 | Photo | F     | Unde  | The   |
   |       |       |       | xa000 |       |       | lashp | fined | Flas  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ix​Ve |       | h​Pix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | supp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FPXR  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Color |       | 0     | 40961 | Photo | C     | Short | The   |
   | 0028, | Space |       | xa001 |       |       | olor​ |       | color |
   | 2002) |       |       |       |       |       | Space |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lways |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speci |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fier. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Nor   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sRGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efine |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | PC    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nitor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | condi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | viron |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sRGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sRGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Flash |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Pix. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Co    |       | 0     | 40962 | Photo | Pixel | Long  | I     |
   | 0028, | lumns |       | xa002 |       |       | XDime |       | nform |
   | 0011) |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | valid |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meani |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngful |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | must  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | start |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rker. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exist |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Rows  |       | 0     | 40963 | Photo | Pixel | Long  | I     |
   | 0028, |       |       | xa003 |       |       | YDime |       | nform |
   | 0010) |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | valid |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meani |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngful |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | must  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | start |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rker. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exist |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nnece |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ver   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | valid |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fact  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SOF.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40964 | Photo | Re    | Ascii | This  |
   |       |       |       | xa004 |       |       | lated |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Soun |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | dFile |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | audio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | relat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | here  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | audio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (an   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | consi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of 8  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chara |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | + '.' |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | + 3   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ch    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aract |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ers). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | path  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40965 | Photo | Inter | Long  | I     |
   |       |       |       | xa005 |       |       | opera |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | bilit |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | y​Tag |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | posed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tores |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | po    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | foll  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | owing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stru  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stru  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cha   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | racte |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | risti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Flash |       | 0     | 41483 | Photo | Fl    | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | E     |       | xa20b |       |       | ash​E | ional | cates |
   | 0036) | nergy |       |       |       |       | nergy |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nergy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capt  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ured, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sured |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Beam  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | andle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Power |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (B    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CPS). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | Sp    |       | 0     | 41484 | Photo | Spati | Unde  | This  |
   | 016,0 | atial |       | xa20c |       |       | al​Fr | fined | tag   |
   | 00A), | Freq  |       |       |       |       | equen |       | re    |
   | (0    | uency |       |       |       |       | cyRes |       | cords |
   | 016,0 | Res   |       |       |       |       | ponse |       | the   |
   | 00B), | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   | (0    | Rows, |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   | 016,0 | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   | 00C), | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   | (     | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   | 0016, | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   | 000D) | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       | atial |
   |       | Col   |       |       |       |       |       |       | freq  |
   |       | umns, |       |       |       |       |       |       | uency |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       | SFR   |
   |       | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       | olumn |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       | N     |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       | ames, |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       | idth, |
   |       | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       | he    |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight, |
   |       | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       | alues |       |       |       |       |       |       | dia   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gonal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | `     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oentr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | y_tit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le <# |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bibli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o_ISO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12233 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | >`__. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 41486 | Photo | Fo    | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0018, | mager |       | xa20e |       |       | cal​P | ional | cates |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | laneX |       | the   |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | n     |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (X)   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Fo   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cal​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | laneR |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Unit> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lane. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 41487 | Photo | Fo    | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0018, | mager |       | xa20f |       |       | cal​P | ional | cates |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | laneY |       | the   |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | n     |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (V)   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Fo   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cal​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | laneR |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Unit> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lane. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 41488 | Photo | F     | Short | Indi  |
   | 0018, | mager |       | xa210 |       |       | ocal​ |       | cates |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | Plane |       | the   |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | unit  |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Unit |       | meas  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Foc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | al​Pl |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aneXR |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Foca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l​Pla |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neYRe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | solut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion>. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Re   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | solut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion​U |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nit>. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Su    |       | 0     | 41492 | Photo | S     | Short | Indi  |
   | 0016, | bject |       | xa214 |       |       | ubjec |       | cates |
   | 0037) | Loc   |       |       |       |       | t​Loc |       | the   |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bject |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cene. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bject |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edge, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prior |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rot   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Rota |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the X |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olumn |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the Y |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mber. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ph    |       | 0     | 41493 | Photo | Expo  | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | otogr |       | xa215 |       |       | sure​ | ional | cates |
   | 0038) | aphic |       |       |       |       | Index |       | the   |
   |       | Exp   |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       | osure |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       | Index |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capt  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ured. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Se    |       | 0     | 41495 | Photo | Sens  | Short | Indi  |
   | 0016, | nsing |       | xa217 |       |       | ing​M |       | cates |
   | 0039) | M     |       |       |       |       | ethod |       | the   |
   |       | ethod |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | type  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vice. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | File  |       | 0     | 41728 | Photo | F     | Unde  | Indi  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | xa300 |       |       | ile​S | fined | cates |
   | 003A) | ource |       |       |       |       | ource |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urce. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DSC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lways |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 3, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DSC.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Scene |       | 0     | 41729 | Photo | Scene | Unde  | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Type  |       | xa301 |       |       | ​Type | fined | cates |
   | 003B) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | type  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cene. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DSC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | must  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lways |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dir   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pho   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | togra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | phed. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | Color |       | 0     | 41730 | Photo | CFAPa | Unde  | Indi  |
   | 016,0 | F     |       | xa302 |       |       | ttern | fined | cates |
   | 00E), | ilter |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   | (0    | Array |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   | 016,0 | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   | 00F), | ttern |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   | (     | Rows, |       |       |       |       |       |       | array |
   | 0016, | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       | (CFA) |
   | 0010) | F     |       |       |       |       |       |       | geom  |
   |       | ilter |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |
   |       | Array |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       | ttern |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       | Col   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       | umns, |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       | Color |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       | F     |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       | ilter |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       | Array |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       | Pa    |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       | ttern |       |       |       |       |       |       | -chip |
   |       | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       | alues |       |       |       |       |       |       | area  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apply |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | met   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hods. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | C     |       | 0     | 41985 | Photo | Custo | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | ustom |       | xa401 |       |       | m​Ren |       | tag   |
   | 0041) | Ren   |       |       |       |       | dered |       | indi  |
   |       | dered |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | such  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rend  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ou    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tput. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perfo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmed, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | min   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imize |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rther |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | roces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sing. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Exp   |       | 0     | 41986 | Photo | Exp   | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | osure |       | xa402 |       |       | osure |       | tag   |
   | 0042) | Mode  |       |       |       |       | ​Mode |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | auto- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | brack |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hoots |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rames |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scene |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diff  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sett  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ings. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | White |       | 0     | 41987 | Photo | Whi   | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | Ba    |       | xa403 |       |       | te​Ba |       | tag   |
   | 0043) | lance |       |       |       |       | lance |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ba    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Di    |       | 0     | 41988 | Photo | Di    | Rat   | This  |
   | 0016, | gital |       | xa404 |       |       | gital | ional | tag   |
   | 0044) | Zoom  |       |       |       |       | ​Zoom |       | indi  |
   |       | Ratio |       |       |       |       | Ratio |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zoom  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nume  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 0, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zoom  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Focal |       | 0     | 41989 | Photo | Foc   | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | L     |       | xa405 |       |       | al​Le |       | tag   |
   | 0045) | ength |       |       |       |       | ngthI |       | indi  |
   |       | In    |       |       |       |       | n35mm |       | cates |
   |       | 35mm​ |       |       |       |       | ​Film |       | the   |
   |       | Film  |       |       |       |       |       |       | equiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uming |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 35mm  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | film  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm. A |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of 0  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Note  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Foc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | al​Le |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Scene |       | 0     | 41990 | Photo | Sc    | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | Ca    |       | xa406 |       |       | ene​C |       | tag   |
   | 0046) | pture |       |       |       |       | aptur |       | indi  |
   |       | Type  |       |       |       |       | eType |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | type  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scene |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Note  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <S    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cene​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Type> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Gain  |       | 0     | 41991 | Photo | Ga    | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | Co    |       | xa407 |       |       | in​Co |       | tag   |
   | 0047) | ntrol |       |       |       |       | ntrol |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | egree |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ov    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gain  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | djust |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Con   |       | 0     | 41992 | Photo | Con   | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | trast |       | xa408 |       |       | trast |       | tag   |
   | 0048) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trast |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Satur |       | 0     | 41993 | Photo | Satur | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | ation |       | xa409 |       |       | ation |       | tag   |
   | 0049) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Shar  |       | 0     | 41994 | Photo | Shar  | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | pness |       | xa40a |       |       | pness |       | tag   |
   | 004A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shar  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pness |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | D     |       | 0     | 41995 | Photo | Devic | Unde  | This  |
   | 0016, | evice |       | xa40b |       |       | e​Set | fined | tag   |
   | 004B) | Se    |       |       |       |       | tingD |       | indi  |
   |       | tting |       |       |       |       | escri |       | cates |
   |       | D     |       |       |       |       | ption |       | i     |
   |       | escri |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       | ption |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pict  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ure-t |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | condi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | parti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cular |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ind   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pict  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ure-t |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | condi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ader. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Su    |       | 0     | 41996 | Photo | S     | Short | This  |
   | 0016, | bject |       | xa40c |       |       | ubjec |       | tag   |
   | 004C) | Dis   |       |       |       |       | t​Dis |       | indi  |
   |       | tance |       |       |       |       | tance |       | cates |
   |       | Range |       |       |       |       | Range |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dis   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sub   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ject. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | SOP   |       | 0     | 42016 | Photo | Imag  | Ascii | This  |
   | 0008, | Ins   |       | xa420 |       |       | e​Uni |       | tag   |
   | 0018) | tance |       |       |       |       | queID |       | indi  |
   |       | UID   |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ident |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifier |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uni   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quely |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exade |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cimal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fixed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | C     |       | 0     | 42032 | Photo | C     | Ascii | This  |
   | 0016, | amera |       | xa430 |       |       | amera |       | tag   |
   | 004D) | Owner |       |       |       |       | ​Owne |       | re    |
   |       | Name  |       |       |       |       | rName |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | owner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotog |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raphy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | D     |       | 0     | 42033 | Photo | Bo    | Ascii | This  |
   | 0018, | evice |       | xa431 |       |       | dy​Se |       | tag   |
   | 1000) | S     |       |       |       |       | rialN |       | re    |
   |       | erial |       |       |       |       | umber |       | cords |
   |       | N     |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       | umber |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | body  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotog |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raphy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Lens  |       | 0     | 42034 | Photo | Len   | Rat   | This  |
   | 0016, | Spe   |       | xa432 |       |       | s​Spe | ional | tag   |
   | 004E) | cific |       |       |       |       | cific |       | notes |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aphy. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0/0   |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Lens  |       | 0     | 42035 | Photo | Lens  | Ascii | This  |
   | 0016, | Make  |       | xa433 |       |       | ​Make |       | tag   |
   | 004F) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | manuf |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Lens  |       | 0     | 42036 | Photo | Lens​ | Ascii | This  |
   | 0016, | Model |       | xa434 |       |       | Model |       | tag   |
   | 0050) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ens's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Lens  |       | 0     | 42037 | Photo | Le    | Ascii | This  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | xa435 |       |       | ns​Se |       | tag   |
   | 0051) | erial |       |       |       |       | rialN |       | re    |
   |       | N     |       |       |       |       | umber |       | cords |
   |       | umber |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chang |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotog |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raphy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 1     | Iop   | In    | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | ntero |       | x0001 |       |       | terop |       | cates |
   | 0061) | perab |       |       |       |       | erabi |       | the   |
   |       | ility |       |       |       |       | lity​ |       | iden  |
   |       | Index |       |       |       |       | Index |       | tific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rule. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "R98" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f​R98 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ules. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Four  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ermin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (N    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ULL). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | see   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sep   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olume |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Rules |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Exif |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​R98) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​R98. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 2     | Iop   | Inte  | Unde  | I     |
   | 0016, | ntero |       | x0002 |       |       | roper | fined | ntero |
   | 0062) | perab |       |       |       |       | abili |       | perab |
   |       | ility |       |       |       |       | ty​Ve |       | ility |
   |       | Ve    |       |       |       |       | rsion |       | ve    |
   |       | rsion |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 4096  | Iop   | Rela  | Ascii | File  |
   |       |       |       | x1000 |       |       | ted​I |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | mageF |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​F |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 4097  | Iop   | Rel   | Long  | Image |
   |       |       |       | x1001 |       |       | ated​ |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Image |       |       |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Width |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 4098  | Iop   | Rela  | Long  | Image |
   |       |       |       | x1002 |       |       | ted​I |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | mageL |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 11    | Image | Proc  | Ascii | The   |
   |       |       |       | x000b |       |       | essin |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | g​Sof |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tware |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sof   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | po    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st-pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocess |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pic   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ture. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 254   | Image | New​S | Long  | A     |
   |       |       |       | x00fe |       |       | ubfil |       | ge    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eType |       | neral |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | kind  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cont  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ained |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sub   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 255   | Image | Su    | Short | A     |
   |       |       |       | x00ff |       |       | bfile |       | ge    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Type |       | neral |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | kind  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cont  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ained |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sub   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eprec |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | New​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ubfil |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eType |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ins   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tead. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Co    |       | 0     | 256   | Image | I     | Long  | The   |
   | 0028, | lumns |       | x0100 |       |       | mage​ |       | n     |
   | 0011) |       |       |       |       |       | Width |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumns |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Rows  |       | 0     | 257   | Image | Im    | Long  | The   |
   | 0028, |       |       | x0101 |       |       | age​L |       | n     |
   | 0010) |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Bits  |       | 0     | 258   | Image | Bits  | Short | The   |
   | 0028, | S     |       | x0102 |       |       | ​PerS |       | n     |
   | 0101) | tored |       |       |       |       | ample |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 8  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 8. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | See   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Sam  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ples​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | PerPi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xel>. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Tra   |       | 0     | 259   | Image | C     | Short | The   |
   | 0002, | nsfer |       | x0103 |       |       | ompre |       | c     |
   | 0010) | S     |       |       |       |       | ssion |       | ompre |
   |       | yntax |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssion |
   |       | UID   |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cheme |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssed, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nece  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | omi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tted. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thumb |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nails |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mpres |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 6. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | P     |       | 0     | 262   | Image | P     | Short | The   |
   | 0028, | hotom |       | x0106 |       |       | hotom |       | pixel |
   | 0004) | etric |       |       |       |       | etric |       | co    |
   |       | Inte  |       |       |       |       | ​Inte |       | mposi |
   |       | rpret |       |       |       |       | rpret |       | tion. |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 263   | Image | Th    | Short | For   |
   |       |       |       | x0107 |       |       | resho |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | lding |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | files |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hades |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gray, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tech  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nique |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nvert |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gray  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 264   | Image | Cell​ | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0108 |       |       | Width |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dith  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | halft |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oning |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dit   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hered |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | half  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | toned |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 265   | Image | C     | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0109 |       |       | ell​L |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dith  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | halft |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oning |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dit   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hered |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | half  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | toned |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 266   | Image | Fill​ | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x010a |       |       | Order |       | lo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Doc   |       | 0     | 269   | Image | Doc   | Ascii | The   |
   | 0042, | ument |       | x010d |       |       | ument |       | name  |
   | 0010) | Title |       |       |       |       | ​Name |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | doc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ument |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sc    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anned |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Image |       | 0     | 270   | Image | Im    | Ascii | A     |
   | 0020, | Com   |       | x010e |       |       | age​D |       | char  |
   | 4000) | ments |       |       |       |       | escri |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ption |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | title |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | such  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "1988 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mpany |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cnic" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Two-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | annot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sary, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Use  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Com |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ma    |       | 0     | 271   | Image | Make  | Ascii | The   |
   | 0008, | nufac |       | x010f |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   | 0070) | turer |       |       |       |       |       |       | nufac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | turer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nufac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | turer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DSC,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sca   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nner, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | video |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | digi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tizer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gene  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Manu  |       | 0     | 272   | Image | Model | Ascii | The   |
   | 0008, | factu |       | x0110 |       |       |       |       | model |
   | 1090) | rer's |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       | Model |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       | Name  |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DSC,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sca   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nner, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | video |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | digi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tizer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gene  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 273   | Image | Str   | Long  | For   |
   |       |       |       | x0111 |       |       | ip​Of |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trip, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trip. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | strip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xceed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 64    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Kb    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ytes. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | With  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eeded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | omi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tted. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | See   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Rows |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​PerS |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trip> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Str  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ip​By |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | teCou |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nts>. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 274   | Image | O     | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0112 |       |       | rient |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rient |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iewed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terms |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | col   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umns. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Sa    |       | 0     | 277   | Image | S     | Short | The   |
   | 0028, | mples |       | x0115 |       |       | ample |       | n     |
   | 0002) | Per   |       |       |       |       | s​Per |       | umber |
   |       | Pixel |       |       |       |       | Pixel |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RGB   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb​Cr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 3. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 278   | Image | Row   | Long  | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0116 |       |       | s​Per |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Strip |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trip. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | strip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vided |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rips. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | With  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eeded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | omi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tted. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | See   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Stri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p​Off |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sets> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Str  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ip​By |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | teCou |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nts>. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 279   | Image | S     | Long  | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0117 |       |       | trip​ |       | total |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ByteC |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ounts |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trip. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | With  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eeded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | omi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tted. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Pixel |       | 0     | 282   | Image | X     | Rat   | The   |
   | 0028, | Sp    |       | x011a |       |       | Resol | ional | n     |
   | 0030) | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <R    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Unit> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Im   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | age​W |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idth> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 72    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [dpi] |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Pixel |       | 0     | 283   | Image | Y     | Rat   | The   |
   | 0028, | Sp    |       | x011b |       |       | Resol | ional | n     |
   | 0030) | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <R    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Unit> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Ima  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ge​Le |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngth> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <XR   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | P     |       | 0     | 284   | Image | Plana | Short | Indi  |
   | 0028, | lanar |       | x011c |       |       | r​Con |       | cates |
   | 0006) | Con   |       |       |       |       | figur |       | wh    |
   |       | figur |       |       |       |       | ation |       | ether |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hunky |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lanar |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmat. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | files |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xist, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of 1  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (ch   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unky) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umed. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 290   | Image | Gr    | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0122 |       |       | ay​Re |       | prec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | spons |       | ision |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eUnit |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cont  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ained |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Gray  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Resp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onseC |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urve. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 291   | Image | Gra   | Short | For   |
   |       |       |       | x0123 |       |       | y​Res |       | gray  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Curve |       | data, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pos   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sible |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 292   | Image | T4​Op | Long  | T.    |
   |       |       |       | x0124 |       |       | tions |       | 4-enc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ions. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 293   | Image | T6​Op | Long  | T.    |
   |       |       |       | x0125 |       |       | tions |       | 6-enc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ions. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Pixel |       | 0     | 296   | Image | Resol | Short | The   |
   | 0028, | Sp    |       | x0128 |       |       | ution |       | unit  |
   | 0030) | acing |       |       |       |       | ​Unit |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meas  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <XR   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <YRe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | solut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion>. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <XR   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esolu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <YRe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | solut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion>. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2 =   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nches |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3 =   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ce    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntime |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (in   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ches) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ated. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Page  |       | 0     | 297   | Image | P     | Short | The   |
   | 0018, | N     |       | x0129 |       |       | age​N |       | page  |
   | 2001) | umber |       |       |       |       | umber |       | n     |
   |       | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       | ector |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | page  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sca   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nned. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 301   | Image | Tr    | Short | A     |
   |       |       |       | x012d |       |       | ansfe |       | tra   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Fun |       | nsfer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |       | fun   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | desc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ribed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bular |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tyle. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Nor   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sary, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Colo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Spa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ce>). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Sof   |       | 0     | 305   | Image | Sof   | Ascii | This  |
   | 0018, | tware |       | x0131 |       |       | tware |       | tag   |
   | 1020) | Ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       | sions |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sof   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fir   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gen   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | det   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ailed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speci |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fied, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shown |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | below |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | foll  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | owed. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0x0  | Co    |       | 0     | 306   | Image | Date  | Ascii | The   |
   | 008,0 | ntent |       | x0132 |       |       | ​Time |       | date  |
   | 023), | Date, |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   | (     | Co    |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   | 0008, | ntent |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   | 0023) | Time  |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | crea  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dard, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cha   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nged. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Opera |       | 0     | 315   | Image | A     | Ascii | This  |
   | 0008, | tors' |       | x013b |       |       | rtist |       | tag   |
   | 1070) | Name  |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wner, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ator. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | det   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ailed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speci |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fied, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itten |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as in |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | below |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ease  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terop |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erabi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lity. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ex.)  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "C    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wner, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | John  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mith; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pho   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | togra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pher, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chael |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | B     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rown; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ator, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ken   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | J     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ames" |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 316   | Image | Hos   | Ascii | This  |
   |       |       |       | x013c |       |       | t​Com |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | puter |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | host  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | puter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gen   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 317   | Image | Pred  | Short | A     |
   |       |       |       | x013d |       |       | ictor |       | pred  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ictor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thema |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ope   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rator |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cheme |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lied. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | White |       | 0     | 318   | Image | W     | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | Point |       | x013e |       |       | hite​ | ional | ch    |
   | 0500) |       |       |       |       |       | Point |       | romat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Nor   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sary, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Colo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Spa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ce>). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Pr    |       | 0     | 319   | Image | Pr    | Rat   | The   |
   | 0016, | imary |       | x013f |       |       | imary | ional | ch    |
   | 0002) | Chro  |       |       |       |       | ​Chro |       | romat |
   |       | matic |       |       |       |       | matic |       | icity |
   |       | ities |       |       |       |       | ities |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Nor   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sary, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Colo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Spa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ce>). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 320   | Image | Colo  | Short | A     |
   |       |       |       | x0140 |       |       | r​Map |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | map   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lette |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Red-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -Blue |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | map   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | often |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alled |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ookup |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ette- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ette- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RGB   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ookup |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 321   | Image | Half  | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0141 |       |       | tone​ |       | pu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hints |       | rpose |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Half  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tone​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onvey |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ftone |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fun   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gray  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olori |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | metri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -spec |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tonal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tail. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 322   | Image | Tile​ | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0142 |       |       | Width |       | tile  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumns |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 323   | Image | T     | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0143 |       |       | ile​L |       | tile  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (he   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 324   | Image | Ti    | Short | For   |
   |       |       |       | x0144 |       |       | le​Of |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |       | tile, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | disk. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spect |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | begi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nning |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Note  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has a |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndepe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loca  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iles. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 325   | Image | Tile​ | Short | For   |
   |       |       |       | x0145 |       |       | ByteC |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ounts |       | tile, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (c    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssed) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | See   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ti    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le​Of |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for a |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | escri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ption |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ounts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ord   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ered. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 330   | Image | Su    | Long  | De    |
   |       |       |       | x014a |       |       | bIFDs |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orpor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Trees |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 332   | Image | In    | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x014c |       |       | k​Set |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inks  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sepa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Phot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ometr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ic​In |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terpr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etati |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on=5) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 333   | Image | Ink​  | Ascii | The   |
   |       |       |       | x014d |       |       | Names |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ink   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sepa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Phot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ometr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ic​In |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terpr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etati |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on=5) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 334   | Image | Num   | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x014e |       |       | ber​O |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | fInks |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inks. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​PerP |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sam   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ples. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 336   | Image | Dot​  | Byte  | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0150 |       |       | Range |       | comp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | corre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spond |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0%    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dot   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 100%  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dot.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 337   | Image | Targ  | Ascii | A     |
   |       |       |       | x0151 |       |       | et​Pr |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | inter |       | escri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ption |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pri   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nviro |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | separ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 338   | Image | Ext   | Short | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | x0152 |       |       | ra​Sa |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has m |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | whose |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rpret |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | isted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | elow. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 339   | Image | Sam   | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0153 |       |       | ple​F |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rpret |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 340   | Image | S     | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0154 |       |       | Min​S |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Value |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 341   | Image | S     | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0155 |       |       | Max​S |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Value |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 342   | Image | Tran  | Short | Ex    |
   |       |       |       | x0156 |       |       | sfer​ |       | pands |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Range |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ansfe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Fun |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 343   | Image | Clip  | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | x0157 |       |       | ​Path |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Clip  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Path |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | int   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | irror |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essen |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tials |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pos   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Scr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ipt's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | path  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | func  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tiona |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lity. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 344   | Image | XClip | S     | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0158 |       |       | ​Path | Short | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Units |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | units |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | span  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terms |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | teger |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Clip  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Path |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ates. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 345   | Image | YClip | S     | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0159 |       |       | ​Path | Short | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Units |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | units |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | span  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eight |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terms |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | teger |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Clip  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Path |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ates. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 346   | Image | In    | Short | In    |
   |       |       |       | x015a |       |       | dexed |       | dexed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | where |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'pi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels' |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | do    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ather |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (us   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -bit) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sep   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Map. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 347   | Image | JPEGT | Unde  | This  |
   |       |       |       | x015b |       |       | ables | fined | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ncode |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | qu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | antiz |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffman |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | subse |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cess. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 351   | Image | OPI   | Short | OPI   |
   |       |       |       | x015f |       |       | Proxy |       | Proxy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gives |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rning |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | low-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proxy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | high- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | OPI). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 512   | Image | JPE   | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0200 |       |       | GProc |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocess |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oduce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 513   | Image | JP    | Long  | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0201 |       |       | EGInt |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ercha |       | ffset |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nge​F |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | start |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (SOI) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thum  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bnail |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 514   | Image | JPE   | Long  | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0202 |       |       | GInte |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rchan |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ge​Fo |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmatL |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thum  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bnail |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thumb |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nails |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vided |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nuous |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tream |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SOI   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EOI.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Appn  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | COM   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rkers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thumb |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nails |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | must  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in no |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | more  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 64    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Kb    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ytes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | APP1. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 515   | Image | JPEGR | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0203 |       |       | estar |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Int |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | erval |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | start |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | int   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erval |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 517   | Image | JPE   | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0205 |       |       | GLoss |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | less​ |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Predi |       | oints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctors |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | los   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pred  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ictor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -sele |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 518   | Image | JPEGP | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0206 |       |       | oint​ |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Trans |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | forms |       | oints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 519   | Image | J     | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0207 |       |       | PEGQT |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | qu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | antiz |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bles, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 520   | Image | JP    | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0208 |       |       | EGDCT |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DC    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffman |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | los   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffman |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bles, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 521   | Image | JP    | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | x0209 |       |       | EGACT |       | Field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oints |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fsets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Hu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffman |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | AC    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bles, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 529   | Image | YCb   | Rat   | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0211 |       |       | ​CrCo | ional | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | effic |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ients |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | effic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ients |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RGB   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb​Cr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | No    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | here  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | App   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | endix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | E,    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Gu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ideli |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nes", |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | being |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gives |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | timal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chara |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cteri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stics |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | condi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 530   | Image | YCb   | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0212 |       |       | ​CrSu |       | sam   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | b​Sam |       | pling |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | pling |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hromi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stead |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 531   | Image | YC    | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0213 |       |       | b​CrP |       | pos   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ositi |       | ition |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | oning |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hromi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nent. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | desig |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | JPEG  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb​Cr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is 1  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cente |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | red); |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y:    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb:Cr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4:2:2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecomm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ended |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (co-s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ited) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prove |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | qu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iewed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on TV |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sys   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tems. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xist, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssume |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y:    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cb:Cr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | :2:0, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (cent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ered) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comme |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nded. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | suppo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | kinds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <YCb​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CrPos |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ing>, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ollow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regar |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ield. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prefe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pport |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cen   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tered |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co-   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sited |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | po    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sitio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ning. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 532   | Image | Refer | Rat   | The   |
   |       |       |       | x0214 |       |       | ence​ | ional | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Black |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | White |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | No    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aults |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | below |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aults |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | here. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | being |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gives |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | timal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chara |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cteri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stics |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ondit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ions. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 700   | Image | XMLP  | Byte  | XMP   |
   |       |       |       | x02bc |       |       | acket |       | Met   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | adata |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hnote |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9-1   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-02) |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 18246 | Image | R     | Short | R     |
   |       |       |       | x4746 |       |       | ating |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Wi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndows |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 18249 | Image | Rati  | Short | R     |
   |       |       |       | x4749 |       |       | ng​Pe |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rcent |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pe    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rcent |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 32781 | Image | Im    | Ascii | Im    |
   |       |       |       | x800d |       |       | ageID |       | ageID |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | full  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hname |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orig  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inal, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | high- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | denti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fying |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uni   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quely |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ident |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ori   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | OPI). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 33421 | Image | CFARe | Short | Con   |
   |       |       |       | x828d |       |       | peat​ |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Patte |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rnDim |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prese |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumns |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efine |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terns |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | array |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 33422 | Image | CFAPa | Byte  | Indi  |
   |       |       |       | x828e |       |       | ttern |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | array |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (CFA) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | geom  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -chip |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apply |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | met   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hods. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [Not  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EXIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIF   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ba    |       | 0     | 33423 | Image | Bat   | Rat   | Con   |
   | 0016, | ttery |       | x828f |       |       | tery​ | ional | tains |
   | 0003) | Level |       |       |       |       | Level |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ba    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttery |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fra   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 33432 | Image | Copy  | Ascii | Copy  |
   |       |       |       | x8298 |       |       | right |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | forma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ind   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opyri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghts. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otice |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erson |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ganiz |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cla   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iming |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ights |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stat  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ights |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itten |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ield; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e.g., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Copyr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | John  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mith, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 19xx. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | All   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ights |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eserv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ed.". |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cords |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opyri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghts, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sep   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | part  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | state |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | istin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opyri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghts, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itten |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fol   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lowed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copyr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sepa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (in   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stat  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ends  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | des). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iven, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | termi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iven, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ph    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | otogr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | part  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sists |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fol   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lowed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ermin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | then  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ditor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iven. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lank, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 33723 | Image | IP    | Long  | Con   |
   |       |       |       | x83bb |       |       | TCNAA |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IPT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C/NAA |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecord |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 34377 | Image | Image | Byte  | Con   |
   |       |       |       | x8649 |       |       | ​Reso |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | urces |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | emb   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Phot  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oshop |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pplic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 34665 | Image | Exi   | Long  | A     |
   |       |       |       | x8769 |       |       | f​Tag |       | po    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terop |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erabi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lity, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stru  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rdina |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rily, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | does  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as in |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIFF. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | ICC   |       | 0     | 34675 | Image | Int   | Unde  | Con   |
   | 0028, | Pr    |       | x8773 |       |       | er​Co | fined | tains |
   | 2000) | ofile |       |       |       |       | lorPr |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |       | Inte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r[nat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ]​    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Conso |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rtium |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (ICC) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | izati |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on/pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 34853 | Image | G     | Long  | A     |
   |       |       |       | x8825 |       |       | PSTag |       | po    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Info  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perab |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stru  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Info  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | like  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Exif  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 34857 | Image | Inte  | Short | Indi  |
   |       |       |       | x8829 |       |       | rlace |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | multi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | field |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Tim   |       | 0     | 34858 | Image | Time​ | S     | This  |
   | 0008, | ezone |       | x882a |       |       | ZoneO | Short | opt   |
   | 0201) | O     |       |       |       |       | ffset |       | ional |
   |       | ffset |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       | From  |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       | UTC   |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zone  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clock |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | relat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iveto |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Gree  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nwich |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Mean  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Time) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Da    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta​Ti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meOri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -valu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ewhen |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aken. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zone  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | off   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | setof |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clock |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Time |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | modi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fied. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Self  |       | 0     | 34859 | Image | Self  | Short | N     |
   | 0016, | Timer |       | x882b |       |       | ​Time |       | umber |
   | 0019) | Mode  |       |       |       |       | rMode |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | layed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utton |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ress. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Flash |       | 0     | 37387 | Image | Fl    | Rat   | A     |
   | 0016, | E     |       | x920b |       |       | ash​E | ional | mount |
   | 0036) | nergy |       |       |       |       | nergy |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | flash |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nergy |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (B    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CPS). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (0    | Sp    |       | 0     | 37388 | Image | Spati | Unde  | SFR   |
   | 016,0 | atial |       | x920c |       |       | al​Fr | fined | of    |
   | 00A), | Freq  |       |       |       |       | equen |       | the   |
   | (0    | uency |       |       |       |       | cyRes |       | ca    |
   | 016,0 | Res   |       |       |       |       | ponse |       | mera. |
   | 00B), | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   | (0    | Rows, |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   | 016,0 | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | 00C), | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | (     | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | 0016, | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   | 000D) | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Col   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | umns, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | olumn |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | N     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | ames, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | atial |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | Res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | ponse |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   |       | alues |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37389 | Image | Noise | Unde  | Noise |
   |       |       |       | x920d |       |       |       | fined | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 37390 | Image | Fo    | Rat   | N     |
   | 0018, | mager |       | x920e |       |       | cal​P | ional | umber |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | laneX |       | of    |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | p     |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocal​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Plane |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Unit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (3    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7392) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | I     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Width |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 37391 | Image | Fo    | Rat   | N     |
   | 0018, | mager |       | x920f |       |       | cal​P | ional | umber |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | laneY |       | of    |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | p     |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocal​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Plane |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Resol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ution |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Unit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (3    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7392) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | age​L |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | I     |       | 0     | 37392 | Image | F     | Short | Unit  |
   | 0018, | mager |       | x9210 |       |       | ocal​ |       | of    |
   | 1164) | Pixel |       |       |       |       | Plane |       | m     |
   |       | Sp    |       |       |       |       | Resol |       | easur |
   |       | acing |       |       |       |       | ution |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Unit |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Foca  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l​Pla |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neXRe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | solut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion(3 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7390) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Focal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Plan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eYRes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oluti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on(37 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 391). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ins   |       | 0     | 37393 | Image | Im    | Long  | N     |
   | 0020, | tance |       | x9211 |       |       | age​N |       | umber |
   | 0013) | N     |       |       |       |       | umber |       | ass   |
   |       | umber |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e.g., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ch    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ained |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urst. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37394 | Image | Sec   | Ascii | Sec   |
   |       |       |       | x9212 |       |       | urity |       | urity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Clas |       | clas  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | sific |       | sific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37395 | Image | Ima   | Ascii | R     |
   |       |       |       | x9213 |       |       | ge​Hi |       | ecord |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | story |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | what  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | done  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Su    |       | 0     | 37396 | Image | S     | Short | Indi  |
   | 0016, | bject |       | x9214 |       |       | ubjec |       | cates |
   | 0037) | Loc   |       |       |       |       | t​Loc |       | the   |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       | ation |       | loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | main  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | su    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bject |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ov    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erall |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cene. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Ph    |       | 0     | 37397 | Image | Expo  | Rat   | En    |
   | 0016, | otogr |       | x9215 |       |       | sure​ | ional | codes |
   | 0038) | aphic |       |       |       |       | Index |       | the   |
   |       | Exp   |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       | osure |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       | Index |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capt  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ured. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [Not  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EXIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TIF   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 37398 | Image | T     | Byte  | Con   |
   |       |       |       | x9216 |       |       | IFFEP |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Stand |       | four  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ardID |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | chara |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prese |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TI    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF/EP |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndard |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | TI    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | FF/EP |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eg    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | '1',  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | '0',  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | '0',  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | '0'   |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | Se    |       | 0     | 37399 | Image | Sens  | Short | Type  |
   | 0016, | nsing |       | x9217 |       |       | ing​M |       | of    |
   | 0039) | M     |       |       |       |       | ethod |       | image |
   |       | ethod |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsor. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | [TIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F/EP] |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40091 | Image | XP    | Byte  | Title |
   |       |       |       | x9c9b |       |       | Title |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UCS2  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40092 | Image | XPCo  | Byte  | Co    |
   |       |       |       | x9c9c |       |       | mment |       | mment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UCS2  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40093 | Image | XPA   | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | x9c9d |       |       | uthor |       | uthor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UCS2  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40094 | Image | XPKey | Byte  | Key   |
   |       |       |       | x9c9e |       |       | words |       | words |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UCS2  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 40095 | Image | XPSu  | Byte  | Su    |
   |       |       |       | x9c9f |       |       | bject |       | bject |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Win   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UCS2  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50341 | Image | Prin  | Unde  | Print |
   |       |       |       | xc4a5 |       |       | t​Ima | fined | Image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | geMat |       | Matc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ching |       | hing, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | escri |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ption |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ne    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eded. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50706 | Image | DNGVe | Byte  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc612 |       |       | rsion |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | four  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -tier |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mber. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | files |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | liant |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.0 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifica |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ytes: |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1, 1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0, 0. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50707 | Image | DNGB  | Byte  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc613 |       |       | ackwa |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rd​Ve |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ldest |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Neg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ible. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shou  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ldnot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tempt |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | read  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igher |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on.   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | add   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | che   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ould, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | check |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ypes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unts, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erify |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | corr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | read  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50708 | Image | Uni   | Ascii | De    |
   |       |       |       | xc614 |       |       | que​C |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Model |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ique, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -loca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lized |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | manu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | factu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rer's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | avoid |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | confl |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icts, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | local |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ized, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | even  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tself |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loca  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lized |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diff  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rkets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (see  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alize |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d​Cam |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eraMo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | del). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sof   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | index |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ences |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eplac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prof  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iles. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50709 | Image | L     | Byte  | Si    |
   |       |       |       | xc615 |       |       | ocali |       | milar |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | zed​C |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Model |       | Uni   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | que​C |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ield, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loca  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lized |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diff  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rkets |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | match |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | caliz |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50710 | Image | CFAP  | Byte  | Pro   |
   |       |       |       | xc616 |       |       | lane​ |       | vides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Color |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFAPa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plane |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mbers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Linea |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Raw |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pace. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n-RGB |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFA   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50711 | Image | CFAL  | Short | Desc  |
   |       |       |       | xc617 |       |       | ayout |       | ribes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ayout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFA.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50712 | Image | Line  | Short | Desc  |
   |       |       |       | xc618 |       |       | ariza |       | ribes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion​ |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ookup |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | maps  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | typi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rease |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atios |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on-li |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | near, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | more  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vis   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | un    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fewer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | total |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | le    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vels. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s​Per |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ingle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50713 | Image | B     | Short | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc619 |       |       | lack​ |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Level |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Repea |       | epeat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Dim |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | size  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | B     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lack​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50714 | Image | B     | Rat   | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc61a |       |       | lack​ | ional | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Level |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (a    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .k.a. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | th    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ermal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cur   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rent) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ating |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tern. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rigin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | top   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -left |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctive |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Area |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | recta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngle. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ro    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w-col |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umn-s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50715 | Image | Bl    | SRat  | If    |
   |       |       |       | xc61b |       |       | ack​L | ional | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | evelD |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eltaH |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fun   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lumn, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ack​L |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evelD |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eltaH |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diffe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olumn |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bas   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eline |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s​Per |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ingle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50716 | Image | Bl    | SRat  | If    |
   |       |       |       | xc61c |       |       | ack​L | ional | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | evelD |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eltaV |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fun   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diffe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bas   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eline |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | S     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s​Per |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ingle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixel. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50717 | Image | W     | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc61d |       |       | hite​ |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Level |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fully |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aused |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ither |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tself |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oming |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ighly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non-l |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resp  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onse, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or by |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cam   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | era's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nalog |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clip  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ping. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50718 | Image | Def   | Rat   | Def   |
   |       |       |       | xc61e |       |       | ault​ | ional | ault​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |       | Scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meras |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non-s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quare |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nvert |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quare |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Typi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | roxim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ately |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | serve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | total |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ount. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFA   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFAL  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ayout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 2, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3, 4, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or 5, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | such  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fuj   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifilm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Supe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rCCD, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ually |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iffer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.0.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50719 | Image | Def   | Short | Raw   |
   |       |       |       | xc61f |       |       | ault​ |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | CropO |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rigin |       | often |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | store |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | round |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edges |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | These |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | help  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | event |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | int   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erpol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arti  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | facts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | near  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edges |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CropO |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rigin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rigin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i.e., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | appl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ied), |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | top   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -left |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | orner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctive |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Area |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | recta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngle. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50720 | Image | D     | Short | Raw   |
   |       |       |       | xc620 |       |       | efaul |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Cro |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | pSize |       | often |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | store |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | round |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edges |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | These |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | help  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | event |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | int   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erpol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arti  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | facts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | near  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edges |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efaul |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Cro |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pSize |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | size  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i.e., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | appl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ied). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50721 | Image | Col   | SRat  | Col   |
   |       |       |       | xc621 |       |       | or​Ma | ional | or​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix1 |       | trix1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | verts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Col   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | monoc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hrome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iles. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50722 | Image | Col   | SRat  | Col   |
   |       |       |       | xc622 |       |       | or​Ma | ional | or​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix2 |       | trix2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | verts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50723 | Image | Came  | SRat  | Came  |
   |       |       |       | xc623 |       |       | ra​Ca | ional | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion1 |       | tion1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trans |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | forms |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | separ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ately |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Col   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | allow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | swap  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eplac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rices |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Uni   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | que​C |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | still |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | adva  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perf  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ufact |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urer. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50724 | Image | Came  | SRat  | Came  |
   |       |       |       | xc624 |       |       | ra​Ca | ional | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion2 |       | tion2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trans |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | forms |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | separ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ately |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Col   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | allow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | swap  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eplac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rices |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Uni   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | que​C |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | still |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | adva  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per-  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indiv |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | idual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perf  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ufact |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urer. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50725 | Image | Re    | SRat  | Re    |
   |       |       |       | xc625 |       |       | ducti | ional | ducti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | on​Ma |       | on​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix1 |       | trix1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dime  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lor​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lanes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eater |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3.    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50726 | Image | Re    | SRat  | Re    |
   |       |       |       | xc626 |       |       | ducti | ional | ducti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | on​Ma |       | on​Ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix2 |       | trix2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dime  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | under |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lor​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lanes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eater |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3.    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50727 | Image | Anal  | Rat   | Nor   |
   |       |       |       | xc627 |       |       | og​Ba | ional | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | lance |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bala  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nced, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bala  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ncing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | educe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dy    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | namic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | user  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | later |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | djust |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ance; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | har   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bala  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ncing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cha   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nnels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ignal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | digit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ized, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prove |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dy    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | namic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | final |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Anal  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | og​Ba |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gain, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ither |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nalog |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (re   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comme |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nded) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gital |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (not  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | comme |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nded) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50728 | Image | As​S  | Short | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc628 |       |       | hotNe |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | utral |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ba    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cap   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ture, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perf  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ne    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utral |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ludes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As​S  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotWh |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iteXY |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50729 | Image | As​S  | Rat   | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc629 |       |       | hotWh | ional | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | iteXY |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ba    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cap   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ture, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | x-y   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ch    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | romat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ordin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ates. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ludes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As​S  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotNe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utral |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50730 | Image | Ba    | SRat  | C     |
   |       |       |       | xc62a |       |       | selin | ional | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Exp |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |       | odels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vary  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trad  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e-off |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | make  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | high  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | droom |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hadow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oise. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Some  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | leave |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ignif |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icant |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | high  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | droom |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expo  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sure. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llows |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ignif |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icant |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mpens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expo  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sures |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntain |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | more  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hadow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oise. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | leave |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | less  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | droom |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expos |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ures. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llows |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | less  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pensa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sults |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lower |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hadow |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expos |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ures. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cause |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffere |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nces, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a raw |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | needs |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vary  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | its   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mpens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntrol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ba    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | selin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Exp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | much  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (in   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EV    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nits) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | move  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pos   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itive |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esult |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bri   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ults, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | neg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esult |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ults. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50731 | Image | Base  | Rat   | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc62b |       |       | line​ | ional | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Noise |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bas   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eline |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 100,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tend  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vary  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | roxim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ately |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quare |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | root  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a raw |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bined |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | est   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50732 | Image | Bas   | Rat   | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc62c |       |       | eline | ional | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shar |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | pness |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sharp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ening |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odel, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | com   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pared |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vary  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stre  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ngths |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ant   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i-ali |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fil   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meras |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | weak  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or no |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quire |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | less  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sharp |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ening |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meras |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trong |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ant   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i-ali |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fil   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50733 | Image | B     | Long  | Only  |
   |       |       |       | xc62d |       |       | ayer​ |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Green |       | plies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Split |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CFA   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bayer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rray. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speci |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fies, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arbi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trary |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nits, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osely |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blue/ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | track |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | red/  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | kinds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | green |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | track |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clo   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sely, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -zero |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | some  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | times |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | div   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erge. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | seful |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0 (no |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iverg |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ence) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5000  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | quite |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | large |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | verge |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nce). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50734 | Image | Linea | Rat   | Some  |
   |       |       |       | xc62e |       |       | r​Res | ional | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |       | nsors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Limit |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -line |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | near  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | upper |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | limit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ange. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -line |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sults |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hifts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | high  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | areas |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | resu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nless |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompen |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ef    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fect. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Linea |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Res |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Limit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fra   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | above |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sig   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | antly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on-li |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | near. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50735 | Image | Came  | Ascii | Came  |
   |       |       |       | xc62f |       |       | ra​Se |       | ra​Se |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rialN |       | rialN |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | body  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cap   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tured |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50736 | Image | Lens  | Rat   | Con   |
   |       |       |       | xc630 |       |       | ​Info | ional | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lens  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cap   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tured |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nimum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f-    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | stops |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0/0.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50737 | Image | Ch    | Rat   | Ch    |
   |       |       |       | xc631 |       |       | roma​ | ional | roma​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | BlurR |       | BlurR |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | adius |       | adius |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hint  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | much  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hroma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blur  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | omi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tted, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | its   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hroma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blur  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ring. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Nor   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | luded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n-CFA |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hroma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | blur  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osaic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ighly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | depe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de-m  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osaic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | algor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithm, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | der's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ikely |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opti  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mized |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | its   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | parti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cular |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de-m  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osaic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | algor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithm. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50738 | Image | Ant   | Rat   | Pro   |
   |       |       |       | xc632 |       |       | i​Ali | ional | vides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | asStr |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ength |       | hint  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trong |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cam   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | era's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anti- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alias |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is. A |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anti- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alias |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i.e., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prone |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ali   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | arti  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | facts |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | some  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | subje |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cts), |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | trong |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anti- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alias |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i.e., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lmost |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | never |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ali   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rtifa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cts). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50739 | Image | Sh    | SRat  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc633 |       |       | adow​ | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Adobe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntrol |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivity |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | its   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'Sha  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dows' |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ider. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50740 | Image | DNGPr | Byte  | Pro   |
   |       |       |       | xc634 |       |       | ivate |       | vides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Data |       | a way |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | man   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ufact |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | store |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ivate |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | own   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pres  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | grams |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iles. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50741 | Image | M     | Short | M     |
   |       |       |       | xc635 |       |       | aker​ |       | aker​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | NoteS |       | NoteS |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | afety |       | afety |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lets  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | know  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EXIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Maker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Note |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | safe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | serve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | along |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rest  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EXIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | File  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wsers |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | manag |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sof   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pres  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Maker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Note |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aware |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thum  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bnail |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | emb   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | edded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Maker |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Note |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tale, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | flect |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | state |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | full  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | size  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50778 | Image | Cal   | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | xc65a |       |       | ibrat |       | illum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion​I |       | inant |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant1 |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Colo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Mat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rix1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Camer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a​Cal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ibrat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Matr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ix1). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | legal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | legal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Li    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ght​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ource |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | EXIF  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50779 | Image | Cal   | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | xc65b |       |       | ibrat |       | illum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion​I |       | inant |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant2 |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Colo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r​Mat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rix2, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Camer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a​Cal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ibrat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion2, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Matr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ix2). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | legal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | legal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ibrat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion​I |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llumi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nant1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag;  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | both  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | incl  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uded, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ne    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ither |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | al    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lowed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of 0  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (unkn |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | own). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50780 | Image | Be    | Rat   | For   |
   |       |       |       | xc65c |       |       | st​Qu | ional | some  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |       | cam   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |       | eras, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | best  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pos   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sible |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | qu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ach   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ieved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prese |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | total |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | count |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | For   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fuj   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifilm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Sup   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erCCD |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etail |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | total |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | count |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dou   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bled. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | need  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | multi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ac    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hieve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | best  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | qu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | size. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50781 | Image | R     | Byte  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc65d |       |       | aw​Da |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | taUni |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | queID |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 16    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -byte |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nique |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ident |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifier |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gnize |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | parti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cular |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | even  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | met   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | adata |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cont  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ained |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cha   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nged. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | riter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | such  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | denti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fier, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | do so |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | algo  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rithm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | very  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unl   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ikely |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | diff  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mages |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | will  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | end   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | h     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | denti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fier. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50827 | Image | O     | Byte  | If    |
   |       |       |       | xc68b |       |       | rigin |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | al​Ra |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | wFile |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Name |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n-DNG |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | then  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ori   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50828 | Image | O     | Unde  | If    |
   |       |       |       | xc68c |       |       | rigin | fined | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | al​Ra |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | wFile |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Data |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conv  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n-DNG |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | then  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | compr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ori   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ginal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lways |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | big-e |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndian |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | seq   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocks. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | F     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uture |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ver   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | may   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efine |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | addit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocks, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gnore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | extra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | also  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etect |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | where |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | locks |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | end   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sequ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ence, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssume |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocks. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | There |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alig  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nment |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bytes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ocks. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50829 | Image | A     | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc68d |       |       | ctive |       | rect  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Area |       | angle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctive |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (n    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on-ma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sked) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsor. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | angle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is:   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | top,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttom, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50830 | Image | Ma    | Short | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc68e |       |       | sked​ |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Areas |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non-o |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | verla |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | angle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fully |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asked |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xels, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | optio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nally |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aders |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | order |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gle's |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is:   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | top,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | left, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttom, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ight. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | al    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ready |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | had   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | its   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | black |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | enc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ubtra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cted, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | then  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | since |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asked |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onger |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | us    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eful. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50831 | Image | As    | Unde  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc68f |       |       | ​Shot | fined | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onjun |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As​S  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Pro |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fileM |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vides |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nufac |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | turer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a way |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecify |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rend  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (l    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conne |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pace. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conne |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utput |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ref   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erred |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lorim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pace, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wh    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ereas |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alibr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ecify |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scene |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ref   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erred |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lorim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pace. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rend  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ering |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | clude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tone  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gamut |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eeded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nvert |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scene |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ref   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erred |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utput |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ref   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erred |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50832 | Image | As​S  | SRat  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc690 |       |       | hotPr | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Pro |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | fileM |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onjun |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | It    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | th    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rough |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scan  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lor​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lanes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eater |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hree, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | then  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (but  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to)   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | educe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dime  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ality |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | down  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompon |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ents, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ather |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lor​P |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lanes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ompon |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ents. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50833 | Image | Cu    | Unde  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc691 |       |       | rrent | fined | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onjun |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Curre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nt​Pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eProf |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​M |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Curre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nt​Pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eProf |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​M |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rpose |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As​S  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Pro |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fileM |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pair, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ed    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ather |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | manu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | factu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rers. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50834 | Image | Curre | SRat  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc692 |       |       | nt​Pr | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eProf |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​M |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onjun |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rrent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Curre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nt​Pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eProf |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​M |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rpose |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Shot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICCPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | As​S  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hotPr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e​Pro |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fileM |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pair, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | xcept |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | they  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ed    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ather |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | manu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | factu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rers. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50879 | Image | Co    | Short | The   |
   |       |       |       | xc6bf |       |       | lorim |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Refe |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |       | docu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ments |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tween |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CIE   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | desc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ribes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lorim |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | etric |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | CIE   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0 =   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scene |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -refe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rred. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1 =   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utput |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -refe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rred, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ICC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | perce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ptual |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dy    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | namic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ange. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | llows |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | outpu |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t-ref |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erred |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | files |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | still |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | corr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ders. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50931 | Image | Ca    | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc6f3 |       |       | mera​ |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | assoc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tran  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tches |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50932 | Image | Pro   | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc6f4 |       |       | file​ |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | assoc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Came  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ra​Ca |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | libra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tra   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsfer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Ca    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mera​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tches |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Calib |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ratio |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nSign |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ature |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ected |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50934 | Image | As​S  | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc6f6 |       |       | hotPr |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Name |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "as   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50935 | Image | No    | Rat   | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6f7 |       |       | ise​R | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | educt |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ionAp |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |       | how   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | much  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A 0.0 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | no    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lied. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A 1.0 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "i    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deal" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lied, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i.e.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNG   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eader |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apply |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | addit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | redu  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | def   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ault. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | A     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0/0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | para  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | meter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unk   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nown. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50936 | Image | Pr    | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc6f8 |       |       | ofile |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Name |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | opt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ingle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | all   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | files |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | if    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | there |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | more  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50937 | Image | Pr    | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6f9 |       |       | ofile |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​HueS |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | at​Ma |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | pDims |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dime  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue/s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atura |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion/ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ta    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bles. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | these |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | most  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ommon |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | case  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Divi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | only  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nputs |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50938 | Image | Pro   | Float | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6fa |       |       | file​ |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data1 |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue/s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atura |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion/ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IEEE  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | floa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ting- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shift |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | third |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ested |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | outer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iddle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | All   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50939 | Image | Pro   | Float | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6fb |       |       | file​ |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data2 |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue/s |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atura |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion/ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pping |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IEEE  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | floa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ting- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shift |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor; |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | third |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ested |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | outer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iddle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | All   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50940 | Image | Pr    | Float | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6fc |       |       | ofile |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Tone |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Curve |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tone  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | curve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | user  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ad    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | justm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ents. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | curve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IEEE  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | floa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ting- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pairs |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amma. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | an    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utput |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (0.0, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.0), |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | last  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ample |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to be |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (1.0, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | In    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terpo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | curve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cubic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sp    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | line. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50941 | Image | Prof  | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc6fd |       |       | ile​E |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | mbedP |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | olicy |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | about |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | usage |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rules |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | assoc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50942 | Image | Pr    | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc6fe |       |       | ofile |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Copy |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | copy  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | right |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lways |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pres  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | erved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | along |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50964 | Image | Forwa | SRat  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc714 |       |       | rd​Ma | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix1 |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | maps  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anced |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D50   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lors. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50965 | Image | Forwa | SRat  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc715 |       |       | rd​Ma | ional | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | trix2 |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fines |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atrix |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | maps  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bal   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | anced |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | amera |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olors |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | XYZ   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D50   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lors. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50966 | Image | Pre   | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc716 |       |       | view​ |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Appli |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | catio |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | nName |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pplic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50967 | Image | P     | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc717 |       |       | revie |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | w​App |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | licat |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ionVe |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pplic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50968 | Image | Previ | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc718 |       |       | ew​Se |       | UTF-8 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | tting |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | sName |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tings |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (for  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sna   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pshot |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50969 | Image | Pr    | Byte  | A     |
   |       |       |       | xc719 |       |       | eview |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Sett |       | nique |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ingsD |       | ID of |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | igest |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tings |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (for  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD5   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gest) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ender |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50970 | Image | Pre   | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc71a |       |       | view​ |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Color |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Space |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | space |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ren   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dered |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ored. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sRGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | views |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Gray  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Gamma |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.2   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | monoc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hrome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prev  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iews. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50971 | Image | P     | Ascii | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc71b |       |       | revie |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | w​Dat |       | is an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eTime |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conta |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ining |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | /time |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | at    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | which |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eview |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rend  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ered. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | /time |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | coded |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | using |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ISO   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8601  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fo    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rmat. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50972 | Image | Raw​I | Unde  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc71c |       |       | mageD | fined | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | igest |       | is an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD5   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igest |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | All   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -scan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | added |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 16 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or 32 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deep  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (1    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | less  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | than  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | equal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to 16 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | bits  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deep, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | therw |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ise). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lit   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tle-e |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndian |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | -     | -     | -     | 0     | 50973 | Image | Ori   | Unde  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc71d |       |       | ginal | fined | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​RawF |       | is an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ile​D |       | MD5   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | igest |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igest |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | O     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rigin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | al​Ra |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wFile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Data |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50974 | Image | Sub   | Long  | Norm  |
   |       |       |       | xc71e |       |       | ​Tile |       | ally, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Block |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Size |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imple |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -scan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | w     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tile  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ouped |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | into  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | r     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | gular |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | locks |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ified |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | size. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | These |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | locks |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -scan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | W     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ithin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lock, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ixels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | row   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -scan |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on-de |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uires |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ackwa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rd​Ve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to at |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | least |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.2   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .0.0. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50975 | Image | Row​I | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc71f |       |       | nterl |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | eaveF |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rows  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nterl |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eaved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nterl |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eaved |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | elds. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | use   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on-de |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uires |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DNGB  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ackwa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rd​Ve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to at |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | least |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.2   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .0.0. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50981 | Image | Pr    | Long  | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc725 |       |       | ofile |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Look |       | spec  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |       | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Dims |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mples |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dime  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | look" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | able. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Look |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Data |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 50982 | Image | Pr    | Float | This  |
   |       |       |       | xc726 |       |       | ofile |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Look |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Data |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fault |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | look" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | while |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sta   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rting |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | user  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | djust |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uses  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ables |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data1 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Pro   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file​ |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | HueSa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t​Map |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Data2 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | same  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | color |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pace. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | How   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ever, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | later |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | proce |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssing |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pipe, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | after |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exp   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | osure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | co    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mpens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nd/or |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fill  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | light |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | st    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | but   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | efore |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | any   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tone  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | curve |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Each  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | con   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tains |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2-bit |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IEEE  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | floa  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ting- |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shift |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | third |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | entry |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ctor. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | table |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tored |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ested |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | o     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rder, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | with  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | outer |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hue   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iddle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | divi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inner |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loop. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | All   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | zero  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | input |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | en    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tries |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | req   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uired |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | have  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | scale |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | actor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.0.  |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 51008 | Image | Op    | Unde  | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc740 |       |       | code​ | fined | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | List1 |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | read  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dir   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ectly |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | file. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 51009 | Image | Op    | Unde  | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc741 |       |       | code​ | fined | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | List2 |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | just  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | after |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apped |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inear |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | va    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lues. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 51022 | Image | Op    | Unde  | Spec  |
   |       |       |       | xc74e |       |       | code​ | fined | ifies |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | List3 |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | list  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | op    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | codes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hould |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | just  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | after |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | has   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | been  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | emosa |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iced. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   |       |       |       | 0     | 51041 | Image | Noi   | D     | Noi   |
   |       |       |       | xc761 |       |       | se​Pr | ouble | se​Pr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ofile |       | ofile |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | desc  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ribes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in a  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mage. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Spe   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cific |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ally, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | odels |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mount |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ignal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -depe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hoton |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | shot) |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sig   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nal-i |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndepe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ensor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | re    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | adout |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oise, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | c     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ommon |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | raw   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | im    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ages. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | model |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sumes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | white |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spat  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ially |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | depen |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dent, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ign   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fixed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pa    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ttern |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ef    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fects |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urces |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | noise |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e.g., |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pixel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ponse |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | non-u |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nifor |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mity, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | spat  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ially |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -depe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ndent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | th    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ermal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eff   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ects, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tc.). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 0     | GP    | GP    | Byte  | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Ve    |       | x0000 |       | SInfo | SVers |       | cates |
   | 0070) | rsion |       |       |       |       | ionID |       | the   |
   |       | ID    |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <GP   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SInfo |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IFD>. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .0.0. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mand  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atory |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <GPS  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Info> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pre   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sent. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Note: |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <GPS  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Versi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onID> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | b     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ytes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nlike |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <Exi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f​Ver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sion> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ve    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.0   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .0.0, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 02    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 00000 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.H). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 1     | GP    | GPSLa | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Lati  |       | x0001 |       | SInfo | titud |       | cates |
   | 0071) | tude​ |       |       |       |       | e​Ref |       | wh    |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | north |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | south |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'N'   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | north |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'S'   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | south |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 2     | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Lati  |       | x0002 |       | SInfo | PSLat | ional | cates |
   | 0072) | tude​ |       |       |       |       | itude |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | min   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pecti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vely. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssed, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ss/1. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | grees |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cimal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aces, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1,mmm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m/100 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,0/1. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 3     | GP    | G     | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Long  |       | x0003 |       | SInfo | PSLon |       | cates |
   | 0073) | itude |       |       |       |       | gitud |       | wh    |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       | e​Ref |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | east  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | west  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'E'   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | east  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 'W'   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | west  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 4     | GP    | GP    | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Long  |       | x0004 |       | SInfo | SLong | ional | cates |
   | 0074) | itude |       |       |       |       | itude |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | min   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pecti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vely. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | conds |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ssed, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ss/1. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | grees |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cimal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aces, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ddd/  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1,mmm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m/100 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,0/1. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 5     | GP    | GPSAl | Byte  | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Alti  |       | x0005 |       | SInfo | titud |       | cates |
   | 0075) | tude​ |       |       |       |       | e​Ref |       | the   |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alti  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | above |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0 is  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iven. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | below |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | evel, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of 1  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as an |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | abs   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | olute |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | G     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SPAlt |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag.  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Note  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | BYTE  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | type, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | u     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nlike |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tags. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 6     | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Alti  |       | x0006 |       | SInfo | PSAlt | ional | cates |
   | 0076) | tude​ |       |       |       |       | itude |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | based |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | G     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | PSAlt |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ​Ref. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Alt   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | one   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alue. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 7     | GP    | GPS   | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Time​ |       | x0007 |       | SInfo | Time​ | ional | cates |
   | 0077) | Stamp |       |       |       |       | Stamp |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UTC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (C    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Univ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ersal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | T     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ime). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | <T    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ime​S |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tamp> |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hour, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nute, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | econd |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (a    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tomic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ock). |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 8     | GP    | GPS   | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Satel |       | x0008 |       | SInfo | Satel |       | cates |
   | 0078) | lites |       |       |       |       | lites |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | satel |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lites |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | surem |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ents. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | This  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | can   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | des   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cribe |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | n     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | umber |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | atell |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ites, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | their |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ID    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nu    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mber, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | angle |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eleva |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | azi   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | muth, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | SNR   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | other |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nota  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | not   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speci |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fied. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | inca  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pable |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aking |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mea   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | surem |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ents, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NULL. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 9     | GP    | GPSS  | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | x0009 |       | SInfo | tatus |       | cates |
   | 0079) | tatus |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tatus |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rded. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "A"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is in |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prog  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ress, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "V"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | terru |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pted. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 10    | GP    | GPSMe | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Me    |       | x000a |       | SInfo | asure |       | cates |
   | 007A) | asure |       |       |       |       | ​Mode |       | the   |
   |       | ​Mode |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mode. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "2"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two-d |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "3"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | means |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | th    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ree-d |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | easur |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ement |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is in |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | prog  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ress. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 11    | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | DOP   |       | x000b |       | SInfo | PSDOP | ional | cates |
   | 007B) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DOP   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (data |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | egree |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | recis |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | An    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | HDOP  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | wr    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itten |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two-d |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | PDOP  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | uring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | th    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ree-d |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | imens |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ional |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | asure |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 12    | GP    | GP    | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | x000c |       | SInfo | SSpee |       | cates |
   | 007C) | peed​ |       |       |       |       | d​Ref |       | the   |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | unit  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | press |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | move  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "K"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "M"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "N"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sents |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | kilom |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eters |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hour, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | miles |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | per   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hour, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | k     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nots. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 13    | GP    | GPS   | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | S     |       | x000d |       | SInfo | Speed | ional | cates |
   | 007D) | peed​ |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | speed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | move  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 14    | GP    | GP    | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Track |       | x000e |       | SInfo | STrac |       | cates |
   | 007E) | ​Ref  |       |       |       |       | k​Ref |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | refe  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | move  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "T"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | notes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | true  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "M"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | netic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 15    | GP    | GPS   | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Track |       | x000f |       | SInfo | Track | ional | cates |
   | 007F) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | eiver |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | move  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ment. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.00  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 35    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 16    | GP    | GPSI  | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Img​  |       | x0010 |       | SInfo | mg​Di |       | cates |
   | 0080) | Dire  |       |       |       |       | recti |       | the   |
   |       | ction |       |       |       |       | onRef |       | refe  |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it is |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capt  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ured. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "T"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | notes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | true  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "M"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | netic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 17    | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Img​  |       | x0011 |       | SInfo | PSImg | ional | cates |
   | 0081) | Dire  |       |       |       |       | ​Dire |       | the   |
   |       | ction |       |       |       |       | ction |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | image |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | when  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | it    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | was   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | capt  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ured. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.00  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 35    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 18    | GP    | GP    | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Map​  |       | x0012 |       | SInfo | SMap​ |       | cates |
   | 0082) | Datum |       |       |       |       | Datum |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | geo   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | detic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urvey |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rece  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iver. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | urvey |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | data  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | restr |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | icted |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | J     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | apan, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "T    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | OKYO" |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "WGS  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -84". |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 19    | GP    | GPSD  | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest​ |       | x0013 |       | SInfo | est​L |       | cates |
   | 0083) | Lat   |       |       |       |       | atitu |       | wh    |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       | deRef |       | ether |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | north |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | south |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | value |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "N"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | north |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "S"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | south |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lati  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 20    | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest​ |       | x0014 |       | SInfo | PSDes | ional | cates |
   | 0084) | Lat   |       |       |       |       | t​Lat |       | the   |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       | itude |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | min   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pecti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vely. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lat   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ty    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | would |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ss/1. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | grees |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cimal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aces, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | would |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1,mmm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m/100 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,0/1. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 21    | GP    | GPSDe | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest  |       | x0015 |       | SInfo | st​Lo |       | cates |
   | 0085) | ​Long |       |       |       |       | ngitu |       | wh    |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       | deRef |       | ether |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | point |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | east  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | or    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | west  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ASCII |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "E"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | east  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "W"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | west  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | longi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tude. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 22    | GP    | GP    | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest  |       | x0016 |       | SInfo | SDest | ional | cates |
   | 0086) | ​Long |       |       |       |       | ​Long |       | the   |
   |       | itude |       |       |       |       | itude |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | three |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RAT   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | IONAL |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | min   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | utes, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | res   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pecti |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | vely. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | If    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | long  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | itude |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | expr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | essed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | as    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | deg   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rees, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | onds, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | a     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ty    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pical |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | would |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dd/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mm/1, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ss/1. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | When  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | grees |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and,  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | exa   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mple, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | frac  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mi    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nutes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | given |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | up to |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | two   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cimal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | pl    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aces, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | would |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ddd/  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1,mmm |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m/100 |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,0/1. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 23    | GP    | GPS   | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest  |       | x0017 |       | SInfo | Dest​ |       | cates |
   | 0087) | ​Be   |       |       |       |       | Beari |       | the   |
   |       | aring |       |       |       |       | ngRef |       | refe  |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | rence |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | g     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iving |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "T"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | notes |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | true  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dire  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "M"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | mag   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | netic |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tion. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 24    | GP    | GPSDe | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest​ |       | x0018 |       | SInfo | st​Be | ional | cates |
   | 0088) | Be    |       |       |       |       | aring |       | the   |
   |       | aring |       |       |       |       |       |       | be    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | aring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | range |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | from  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0.00  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 35    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9.99. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 25    | GP    | GPSD  | Ascii | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest​ |       | x0019 |       | SInfo | est​D |       | cates |
   | 0089) | Dis   |       |       |       |       | istan |       | the   |
   |       | tance |       |       |       |       | ceRef |       | unit  |
   |       | Ref   |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ex    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | press |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | dis   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "K",  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "M"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "N"   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | repr  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | esent |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | k     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ilome |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ters, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | miles |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | k     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nots. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 26    | GP    | G     | Rat   | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Dest​ |       | x001a |       | SInfo | PSDes | ional | cates |
   | 008A) | Dis   |       |       |       |       | t​Dis |       | the   |
   |       | tance |       |       |       |       | tance |       | dis   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tance |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | d     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | estin |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | p     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oint. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 27    | GP    | GPSPr | Unde  | A     |
   | 0016, | P     |       | x001b |       | SInfo | ocess | fined | char  |
   | 008B) | roces |       |       |       |       | ing​M |       | acter |
   |       | sing​ |       |       |       |       | ethod |       | s     |
   |       | M     |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       | ethod |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ethod |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | loc   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fin   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ding. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fol   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lowed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | me    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | thod. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 28    | GP    | GPSA  | Unde  | A     |
   | 0016, | Area​ |       | x001c |       | SInfo | rea​I | fined | char  |
   | 008C) | I     |       |       |       |       | nform |       | acter |
   |       | nform |       |       |       |       | ation |       | s     |
   |       | ation |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area. |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | first |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | byte  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | indi  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | cates |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | char  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | acter |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | code  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | used, |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | this  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fol   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | lowed |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | by    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | name  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | area. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 29    | GP    | GPS   | Ascii | A     |
   | 0016, | Date  |       | x001d |       | SInfo | Date​ |       | char  |
   | 008D) | ​     |       |       |       |       | Stamp |       | acter |
   |       | Stamp |       |       |       |       |       |       | s     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tring |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | reco  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rding |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | date  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | time  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | i     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nform |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rel   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ative |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UTC   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (C    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | oordi |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nated |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Univ  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ersal |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | T     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ime). |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | The   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | f     |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ormat |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "YYY  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Y:MM: |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DD.". |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
   | (     | GPS   |       | 0     | 30    | GP    | GPSDi | Short | Indi  |
   | 0016, | Di    |       | x001e |       | SInfo | ffere |       | cates |
   | 008E) | ffere |       |       |       |       | ntial |       | wh    |
   |       | ntial |       |       |       |       |       |       | ether |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | di    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ffere |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ntial |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | corre |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ap    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | plied |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | GPS   |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rece  |
   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iver. |
   +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

.. _sect_NNNN.2:

Informative References
----------------------

.. _sect_NNNN.2.1:

International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ISO 12232 ISO 2006 http://www.iso.org/standard/37777.html

ISO 12233 ISO 2018 http://www.iso.org/standard/71696.html

ISO 12234-2 ISO 2001 https://www.iso.org/standard/29377.html

ISO 14524 ISO 2009 http://www.iso.org/standard/43527.html

.. _sect_NNNN.2.2:

Other References
----------------

EXIF 2.31 Camera and Imaging Products Association (CIPA) July 2016 2.31
http://cipa.jp/std/documents/e/DC-008-Translation-2016-E.pdf

