.. _chapter_NNN:

Corneal Topography and Tomography Maps (Informative)
====================================================

.. _sect_NNN.1:

Introduction
------------

Several ophthalmic devices produce curvature and/or elevation
measurements of corneal anterior and posterior surfaces (e.g., maps that
display corneal curvatures, corneal elevations, and corneal power,
etc.). The principle methods used include reflection of light from the
corneal surface (e.g., Placido ring topography) and multiple optical
sectioning or slit beam imaging (e.g., Scheimpflug tomography). The
measurements are mapped topographically as pseudo-color maps, and used
extensively for diagnostic purposes by clinicians and to fit contact
lenses in difficult cases. The underlying data from these measurements
is also used to guide laser sculpting in keratorefractive surgery.

.. _sect_NNN.2:

Corneal Topography Scales and Color Palettes
--------------------------------------------

The method for presenting corneal topography maps with pseudo-colored
images has been studied extensively. Contour maps are effective for
diagnostic purposes. The proper scaling is important so that clinically
important detail is not obscured as well irrelevant detail masked. This
can be done with a scale that has fixed dioptric intervals. The choice
of color palette to represent different levels of corneal power is
equally important. There must be enough contrast between adjacent
contour colors to provide pattern recognition; it is the corneal
topography pattern that is used for clinical interpretation. A color
palette can be chosen so that lower corneal powers are represented with
cooler colors (blue shades), while higher corneal powers are represented
with the warmer colors (red shades). Green shades are used to represent
corneal powers associated with normal corneas. The standard scale is
shown in `figure_title <#figure_NNN.2-1>`__.

.. _sect_NNN.3:

Corneal Topography Examples
---------------------------

Quantitative measurements of anterior corneal surface curvature (corneal
topography) are made with the Placido ring approach. Patterns on an
illuminated target take the form of mires or a grid pattern. Their
reflection from the anterior corneal surface tear film, shown in
`figure_title <#figure_NNN.3-1>`__, is captured with a video camera.
Their positions relative to the instrument axis are determined through
image analysis and these data are used to calculate anterior corneal
curvature distribution.

Corneal curvature calculations are accomplished with three different
methods that provide corneal powers. The axial power map, shown in
`figure_title <#figure_NNN.3-2>`__, is most useful clinically for
routine diagnostic use as the method of calculation presents corneal
topography maps that match the transitions known for corneal shape-the
cornea is relatively steep in its central area, flattening toward the
periphery. This figure shows an example where the map is superimposed
over the source image based upon the corneal vertex Frame of Reference.
The Blending Presentation State SOP Class may be used to specify this
superimposed processing.

The instantaneous power map, shown in
`figure_title <#figure_NNN.3-3>`__, reveals more detail for corneas that
have marked changes in curvature as with the transition zone that rings
the intended optical zone of a refractive surgical procedure.

The refractive power map, shown in `figure_title <#figure_NNN.3-4>`__,
uses Snell's Law of refraction to calculate corneal power to reveal, for
example, uncompensated spherical aberration.

The height map, shown in `figure_title <#figure_NNN.3-5>`__, displays
the height of the cornea relative to a sphere or ellipsoid.

.. _sect_NNN.4:

Contact Lens Fitting Examples
-----------------------------

Knowledge of the anterior corneal shape is helpful in the fitting of
contact lenses particularly in corneas that are misshapen by trauma,
surgery, or disease. A contact lens base curve inventory or user design
criteria are provided and these are used to evaluate contact lens fit
and wear tolerance using a simulated clinical fluorescein test, shown in
`figure_title <#figure_NNN.4-1>`__. The fluorescein pattern shows the
contact lens clearance over the cornea. Numbers indicate local clearance
in micrometers.

.. _sect_NNN.5:

Wavefront Map Example
---------------------

Ocular wavefront produces a measurement of optical path difference (OPD)
between ideal optical system and the one being measured. Typically the
OPD is measured and displayed in units of microns. Wavefront maps can be
produced from the corneal surfaces, most often the front surface, since
this is the major refracting surface in the eye account for about 80% of
the ocular power.

Wavefront maps can be calculated directly from corneal elevation data
most often using the Zernike polynomial fitting series. With this
method, corneal optical characteristics such as astigmatism, spherical
aberration, and coma can be calculated. Generally, the lower order (LO)
aberrations (offsets, refractive error and prism) are eliminated from
display, so that only the higher order (HO) aberrations remain, shown in
`figure_title <#figure_NNN.5-1>`__.

Numbers indicate deviations from a perfect optical element.

