.. _chapter_Notice:

Notice and Disclaimer
=====================

The information in this publication was considered technically sound by
the consensus of persons engaged in the development and approval of the
document at the time it was developed. Consensus does not necessarily
mean that there is unanimous agreement among every person participating
in the development of this document.

NEMA standards and guideline publications, of which the document
contained herein is one, are developed through a voluntary consensus
standards development process. This process brings together volunteers
and/or seeks out the views of persons who have an interest in the topic
covered by this publication. While NEMA administers the process and
establishes rules to promote fairness in the development of consensus,
it does not write the document and it does not independently test,
evaluate, or verify the accuracy or completeness of any information or
the soundness of any judgments contained in its standards and guideline
publications.

NEMA disclaims liability for any personal injury, property, or other
damages of any nature whatsoever, whether special, indirect,
consequential, or compensatory, directly or indirectly resulting from
the publication, use of, application, or reliance on this document. NEMA
disclaims and makes no guaranty or warranty, expressed or implied, as to
the accuracy or completeness of any information published herein, and
disclaims and makes no warranty that the information in this document
will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs. NEMA does not
undertake to guarantee the performance of any individual manufacturer or
seller's products or services by virtue of this standard or guide.

In publishing and making this document available, NEMA is not
undertaking to render professional or other services for or on behalf of
any person or entity, nor is NEMA undertaking to perform any duty owed
by any person or entity to someone else. Anyone using this document
should rely on his or her own independent judgment or, as appropriate,
seek the advice of a competent professional in determining the exercise
of reasonable care in any given circumstances. Information and other
standards on the topic covered by this publication may be available from
other sources, which the user may wish to consult for additional views
or information not covered by this publication.

NEMA has no power, nor does it undertake to police or enforce compliance
with the contents of this document. NEMA does not certify, test, or
inspect products, designs, or installations for safety or health
purposes. Any certification or other statement of compliance with any
health or safety-related information in this document shall not be
attributable to NEMA and is solely the responsibility of the certifier
or maker of the statement.

